The airway route will be gradually expanded doemstically such as Gwangju-Jeju, Gwangju-Yangyang, Gwangju-Gimhae as well as to Southeast Asia such as Japan and China.
It is expected that Air Philip, which seeks for premium business expertise airline rather than low-cost airline, will open a new horizon in building air network between local cities.
If small airport such as Ulleungdo and Heuksando opens in next few years, the tourism access to Gwangju and Jeonnam people is also expected to be dramatically improved. 
It mitigated inconvenience of local people that they had to load and unload the "baggage" on the express bus when they go to Incheon International Airport for overseas trip. 
Eom Il-seok, president of Phillip Asset, who is from Pohang said "As I lived in Gwangju for 18 years, I felt keenly the necessity of local hub airline whenever I go to Gangwondo Province or Incheon Airport" and "we will determine the time and route of flight throughly for the convenience of the local people."
If currency of emerging nation is expected to be continuously depreciated, it will be unavoidable to back out from stock market of emerging nation. 
"It is the frist time that KOSPI fell more than 10 percent from its high point since February" and "in February it reached low point and there was net inflow of foreign fund for about 6 weeks" said Kwak Hyun-soo, researcher at Shinhan Inverstment Corp. 
"KOSPI has its support around 2350 and won and dollar exchange rate can meet resistance at 1,100 won to 1,110won"  explained Jeong In-ji, researcher at Yuanta Securities.
"The unemployment rate itself is a problem but employment is decreasing in most type of industries" and "if income-led growth gets broken, there can be growing anxiety about reducing expectation for domestic economy" said Choi Gwang-hyuk, researcher at eBEST Investment & Securities.
Jeju Provincial Police Agency said on 18th that they will hold unveiling ceremony for sculpture on the 20th with a large scale brick sculture which is 5m wide, 3.2m long and 3.5m high in front of Exit 3 on the first floor of Jeju Airport. 
The sculture costs about 120 million won in total and it is made of 50,000 bricks and consists of 17 small pieces such as center and tourist spot that figures the Jeju Island. 
Small pieces include canola flowers, Sanbangsan Mountain, Olle Trail, Jeju hanyeo, Tangerine/Hallabong (photo) and camellia flowers and a model of police officer of Jeju working for safety was placed in every piece.  
The sculpture introduces mythology about #설문대할망# and beautiful tourist attractions/specialty of Jeju and delivers message that toursits visiting Jeju can travel safely thanks to Jeju police officers who communicate with people. 
Juan Fernando Quintero, Colombian midfielder, scored the equalizer with free kick direct shoot after 39 minutes passesd in the first period when they were behind as 0-1 during the first match of group H of World Cup group league that was held in Mordovia Arena, Russia on the 19th. 
At the first attack beginning with kick-off, Japan got a penalty kick in the second minute due to handling foul of Colombian midfielder Carlos Sanchez  who blocked shoot by midfielder Kagawa Shinji with right arm inside the penalty box.
Since Suyanggae Light Tunnel was opened in July last year, it earned more than 800 million won in admission fees, visited by 121,755 people for 6 months until the end of December. 
This tourist statistical analysis survey was conducted through unmanned measuring instrument and ticket sales state at 22 tourist spots in Danyang area including Dodam Sambong Peaks. 
Children participating in 'First Cultural Heritage Drawing Contest' held on the 18th in Chungju Museum, Chungbuk are drawing pictures of 'Chungju Tappyeong-ri Chilcheung Seoktap' which is national treasure number 6.
Governor Sergei Rakuba said that "90 percent of the World Cup field games are sold out," and "if church offers more environment for watching World Cup, more people can be attracted to church." 
There is an anecdote that as British soldier asked Gurkha soldier to show kukri, he pulled out a knife, cut his finger and put it back into a sheath with blood.  
Gurkah mercenaries do not only consist of pure Gurkha tribe but also many other Nepalese tribes such as  Magar and Gurung.
The test is covering 5km steep path of mountain in 55 minutes holding basket with 25kg of stones on head, and doing 70 sit-ups in two minutes. 
In case of pensions, British soldiers receive £800 (1.17 million won) a month while Gurkha mercenaries receive only £37 (55,000 won) per month. 
Two umbrella labor organizations claimed in requisition form for adjudication on a constitutional complaint that "The Minimum Wages Act passed by National Assembly violates workers' fair wage guaranteed by the constitution and right for demanding minumum wage."  
Last year they received class C (normal) out of 6 grades from S to E, but the rating was downgraded this year as employment corruption scandal rose implicating Kangwon Land.  
Russia, with 6 winning points, will advance to the round of 16 if Uruguay wins or if it ends in a draw at Uruguay-Saudi Arabia match at midnight on the 21th. 
Even if Saudi Arabia wins this match, Russia is likely advance to the round of 16 unless something comes up since it scored +7 goal points in the first and second match.
In this situation, as Bithumb revealed on the 15th last month that it will go public 'pop chain', the cryptocurrency that has not been properly verified in service and technology the suspicion was amplified that there was 'bribe' between the exchange and ICO corporation.
Basically the government said they will strictly handle illegal acts regarding trading such as market manipulation, money laundering, tax evasion and pyramid selling while opening the blockchain market. 
As over 200,000 citizens agreed on this matter, presidential secretary for new media Jung Hye-seung, secretary for climate and environment Kim Hye-ae and secretary for agriculture and fisheries Choi Jae-kwan responded on the 19th.  
Among the members of the council of the United Nations, Libya was expelled in 2011 for massacring demilitarized citizens but it is frist time that the U.S declared to withdraw by itself. 
It said that the United Nations Human Rights Council approved Congo as a member of the council and took passive attitude toward human rights repression in Venezuela and Iran. 
It means that though United Nations Human Rights Council has limits, if the United States withdraw, it loses lever on human rights issue and the council can be more biased.  
Afghan armed force, Taliban attacked two military checkpoints in the west state of Badgis on the night of the 19th, killing at least 30 soldiers.
The World Health Organization (WHO) announced on the 18th (local time) that it classified gaming addiction as new mental disorder called 'gaming disorder' and added to International Classification of Diseases 11th edition (ICD-11).
It means that there is a wide range of endandered animals and plants including habitat of second class endangered Cucullate Neottianthe orchid, flying squirrel, wild cat and freshwater tortoise around the cable car project area so installing cable car can seriously damage the ecosystem.
11th Street, which will be splitted as a new corporation, plans to develop new service combined with artificial intelligence(AI)-based IT technology of SK Telecom.
Point mileage service 'OK Cash Bag' and mobile wallet 'Syrup Wallet' will be newly launched as SK Planet by merging with SK TechX, a subsidiary company of SK Telecom.
Since merger, SK Planet is planning to strengthen cooperation with business operators within SK Group and commercialize technology assets like Chatbot and IoT platform.
According to last year's Norwegian soccer journal 'Josimar', about 110 North Korean workers were mobilized to build the Saint Petersburg Stadium, and one of them was found dead in a container outside the stadium.
In order to prevent the hybrids between Jangwon bee and ordinary honeybee, the center designated Nanji Island in Seokmun-myeon, which is separted from land, as breeding place and mass produce Jangwon queen bees.  
In addition, the center plans to distribute Jangwon bee to 10 bee farms in Dangjin in the future as part of its 'demonstration project to supply new species of excellent honeybees by domestic breeding.'
Jangwon bee, jointly developed by Yecheon Insectary and Rural Development Administration, National Academy of Agricultural Sciences, was registered as the first national government recommended variety in 2014 for high harvesting of honey. 
It was known that Jangwon bee has 31% better ability to harvest honey than ordinary honeybees, and the amount of honey that each bee can collect is over 19% higher.
The city collected opinions from residents and it will change #눈들건널목# which was originally in form of overpass, to 790m long and 12-20m wide underpass way including an underway (370m) and bridge (60m). 
Initially the city intended to install #눈들건널목# by applying overpass way with bridge (540m long and 13.0-26.5m wide) and total 925m long road and soundproof tunnel but residents requested change to underpass way because of noise, dust and invasion of view right.
Until the 25th the stickers will be individually sent to 7,500 homes with 1 to 2 grade serious blind people living in Seoul, and will be placed in 5 welfare centers for the blind, 10 Braille Library for the disabled and 6 learning support centers for the blind.
The boy, who had raised himself questions while reading the Bible as a child, starts to talk with the curious believers with the same questions after becoming a minister.
There can be many variables, but if it works, the project can be 'labor, management, and government win-win project' that Hyundai Motor can reduce the burden of labor costs, workers can get secure jobs, and Gwangju City can revive the regional economy. 
Volkswagen promoted the 'Auto 5000' in 2001 and hired 5,000 new workers under condition to work three hours more per week with a salary about 20% lower than their existing employees.
According to a recent survey, sales figure of each worker of three British automobile companies (Vox Hall, Jaguar Land Rover and Nissan British Corporation) is 1.494 billion won, which is almost double that of Korean three companies (Hyundai Motor, Kia Motors and GM Korea), 782 million won.   
In the tough global competition for preoccupying the market of future vehicle such as autonomous car and eco-friendly car, Korean car industry is facing an enormous challenge.
Hopefully, new mayor's experience at job committee leads to  the success of 'Gwangju Job' project and it becomes job creation model that major companies and local governments cooperate.
Future prospect is gloomy like intensified regulations on diesel locomotive because of intensifying competition due to increasing number and environment problems. 
Earlier, SK Energy signed the agreement with CJ Logistics to promote project to change gas station into offline platform of O2O service (on- and off-line connection).
Experts makes an issue of not making strict security system mandatory though there are dozens of trillions of won in virtual money exchange. 
It is because while refugees from the Middle Eastern country of Yemen, undergoing a long civil war are staying Jeju, there are arguments for and against their settlement. 
Refugees who are mostly Muslims often travel via Muslim country of Malaysia and one reason is that there is direct line between Malaysia and Jeju by low-cost flights.   
In principle, it is possible to get a job six months after refugee application but the province recently allowed refugee applicants to get a job before then on humanitarian grounds. 
Small business owners are threatening they wont' attend the full session of Minimum Wage Council that is to determine minimum wage increase rate in 2019 if minimum wage differentiation is not accepted.
As the number of Yemeni refugees increased, in April the Justice Ministry banned Yemenis from moving to another area who newly applied for refugee and on the 1st of last month, they designated Yemen as a country not allowed to enter without visa.
Recently a netizen posted on Facebook community run by Yemeni refugees saying "Most Koreans hate you people."
Uruguay won by a narrow margin by 1-0 thanks to striker Luis Suárez's winning goal in the 23rd minute of the second match with Saudi Arabia of A group World Cup group league in Rostov arena Russia at 0:00 a.m. (korean time) on the 21st. 
As Russia had two wins by winning Egypt by 1-3 at Saint Petersburg Stadium on the previous day, it was decided Russia advances to the round of 16 after Uruguay's winning.
As negative public opinion grows against Yemeni refugees, President Moon Jae-in directed to understand the current situation regarding Jeju Island's Yemen refugee state on the 20th. 
Accordingly, Green Korea Incheon had to charge Incheon Jung-gu Office with a crime because they couldn't see delinquency of duties and fraudulent act against citizens. 
Yoon Suh-in posted a picture on his social media on the 22nd 'one frame comic strip for Facebook: I should've said nice words...'.
The workshop was held with the theme of 'development of ocean information using advanced technology and unmanned system' and had about 300 current officials of ocean information research institute and school participated to present different opinions and discuss 8 subjects in 2 fields. 
Jeollanam-do Police Agency Special Crime Squad said on the 21st that they arrested two people, Kim (46) and Lee (55) on charges (fraud) of fraudulent gambling and booked 7 people without detention. 
They are suspected of defrauding of total 61 million won from October 2014 to May last year by card gambling in 14 regions across the country including Mokpo Jeonnam, Gochang Jeonbuk, and Gimhae Gyeongnam.
Police explained that they took each task such as person in charge, video reader, player's messenger and each of them shared 10 to 30% of profits.
On the 21st afternoon when won-dollar exchange rate reached highest point in seven months by 1,112.80 which is 7.7 won higher than the a previous trading day, dealers are working at dealing room at KEB Hana Bank in Jung-gu, Seoul. 
On that day, KOSPI index fell 26.08 point (-1.10%) to 2,337.83 than a previous trading day and KOSDAQ index closed 13.95 point (-1.66) lower to 826.22 than a previous trading day. 
This withdrawal is appear to be the interconnected result of resistance to anti-Israel sentiment of U.N. Human Rights Council and 'America First' by President Trump.
During the severe heat wave day after day, a citizen is enjoying water-skiing to cool off in Hangang River Jamwon Area Gangnam-gu, Seoul on the 20th. 
The first sign is that since 2015 the number of marginal firms among the 13 core export businesses is increasing significantly.
Based on the number of external audit business (companies with over 12 billion won of total assets that are obliged to get audit), 
the number of marginal firms among 13 core export businesses such as shipping, automobile, semiconductor, petrochemical and display, increased by 94 in two years from 370 in 2015 to 464 in 2017.
Besides, weakening export price competitiveness due to rising value of the won, the spread of protectionism from the United States, and unstable global economy also cast a bleak outlook on the export. 
Earlier in March, Chuncheon city signed the investment agreement with 13 companies including Doosan EcoBizNet, Lijeron and Rainbow Biotech that hope to enter the development site of the first district.
Lawyer Kim who has been mentioned as the top candidate for Supreme Court justice is a pure lawyer not in a position of political power who has not gone through court/prosecution.
After being designated as a national garden, the city decided to carry out research services on the direction of operation of the national garden and others to establish mid- and long-term development plans.
The city received 220,000 civic signatures calling for the designation of the national garden, with the Taehwagang River National Garden Designation Pan-Citizens' Promotion Committee, which was launched in October last year by 64 civic groups.
Since South Chungcheong Province is the country's largest habitat for migratory birds, most of the AI viruses were detected in wild birds, and farm outbreaks were relatively small, according to the explanation.
The Korean national soccer team, led by head coach Shin Tae-yong, suffered a hat trick by Edin Visca (Başakşehir) in an A-match evaluation against Bosnia at Jeonju World Cup Stadium at 8 p.m. on Sunday the 1st, losing the game by 1-3.
South Korea carried a three-back in consideration of Sweden, its first opponent in the World Cup finals, but showed signs of uneasiness as it gave up the back space of defense several times.
The companies claimed that they could not take plastic bags, as they contain a lot of other trash, which is expensive to select and recycle.
To prevent such a situation, the government should make it obligatory to report the details of the contract to the local government if an apartment house has signed a collection contract with a private company. 
Citizens should also thoroughly separate and discharge trash so that they do not give cause to the collection company's logic that they do not take pastic bags because other waste is contained in them.
As the students cheered Lee, who was hosting the show in the school hallway, he(she) took off his(her) white T-shirt and continued the broadcast in sleeveless clothes. 
Last year, a 32-year-old man A was booked for allegedly making real-time broadcasts through Internet broadcasting without consent from female vacationers at Haeundae Beach in Busan.
In March, the footage of a 35-year-old women B suddenly jumping out of the window with her dog was broadcast.
Experts point out that this happens because of the Internet broadcasting's profit-generating structure, in which revenue increases the more provocative broadcasting.
Cleveland, which had trailed behind by 78-84 until the 3rd quarter of the day, was defeated by Smith's decisive mistake even though it took a chance to turn the tables by taking advantage of the 4th quarter.
James couldn't laugh even though he poured in 51 points, the most points in a single final, and played strikingly in the 8 rebound 8 assists.
Traditionally, the western district of the Major League (MLB) National League (NL) is called the Wild Wild West because it does not allow a single team to dominate the league and has a fierce ranking battle.
Since it won 6 consecutive games on the 18th last month, it has recorded 10 wins and 4 losses until July 1, raising the winning rate, which once fell to the 30% range, to 46 percent.
After the return of the injured Yasiel Puig, Justin Turner and others, the lineup became strong, and Matt Kemp (batting average 0.337), the veteran, is leading the rise.
It is damaging that Paul Goldschmidt, who posted 36 home runs and 120RBIs last year, has been suffering from a batting average of 0.209 and 7 home runs this year, far short of expectations.
When the receipt was handled with bare hands for 2 consecutive days, the concentration of BPA detected in urine was 0.92ng per mL, 2.04 times higher from 0.45ng before work.
Some argue that alternative means of paper receipts should be introduced, pointing out that receipts only increase waste emissions in the end.
In the meantime, Gunpo is drawing attention as it declared it has decided to replace all receipts of waiting number cards and card readers in the civil service office with eco-friendly paper.
Kershaw, after scoring 2 runs in 6 innings against the Arizona Diamondbacks on the 2nd of last month, showed the signs of tendonitis in his left biceps and was listed as injured on the 7th of the same month.
Kershaw, who made a comeback in the home match against Philadelphia Phillies the previous day, appeared comfortable with 4 hits, 5 strikeouts 1 walk and 1 run in 5 innings, but complained of back pain after the game.
It was a sign of poor physical condition given that none of the 1,142 four-seam fastballs Kershaw threw last year were under 90 miles.
Kang Jung-ho, who was sentenced to 8 months in prison with 2 years of probation, wasted the entire 2017 season as he failed to get a U.S. work visa in the aftermath.
Kang Jung-ho, who managed to get a work visa at the end of April, joined the club on 1st of last month and went on to coordinate his real-game sense after playing a belated spring camp at the Pittsburgh club's training ground in Bradenton, Florida.
In fact, Naver launched an Algorithm Review Committee on 30th of last month, consisting of experts from a total of three fields of computer science/information science/communication.
Park In Bee, who shot a 3-under 141 total for two days, passed the halfway point of the game, tied for 4th place with Kim Sei-young(25), Chella Choi(28), Jenny Shin (26), and Kim Ji-hyun(27).
Ohtani, who started against the Detroit Tigers on 31th of last month and recorded 3 hits and 1 run in 5 innings, took a day off and reported a hit in 4 games since the game against the Toronto Blue Jays on 25th of last month.
Korea Federation of SMEs said on the 2nd that it has dispatched a market pioneer team of 10 small and medium-sized companies to Moscow, Russia, and Belgrade, Serbia, from last month 28th to this month 1st.
Yun Sungho reduced 4 strokes by 6 birdies and 2 bogeys in the 3rd round of the  Korea Professional Gold Association (KPGA) Korean Tour KB Financial LiiV Championship (700 miilion won in total prize money) at Blackstone Golf Club (par 72/7260yards) in Icheon, Gyeonggi Province at the 2nd and took the lead with a 7-under 209.
Newcomer Yun Sungho, who made his regular tour debut this year, made his first bogey on the 4th hole as he tied for 5th, but escaped out of crisis with consecutive birdies on the 5th and 6th holes.
Too much optimism is not encouraged due to tough pursuers, but if he continues to take the lead in the 4th round, he will likely take a step closer to winning his first championship.
8 truck passengers, including a man A, and 2 passengers on a city bus were injured and taken to a hospital for treatment due to this accident.
Audi Korea will showcase a total of 11 vehicles, including the A8, Q5, Q2, TT RS Coupe and 3 concept cars, the first models to be unveiled in the country.
Sorento the Master has expanded its 8-speed automatic transmission, which was applied to the existing R2.2 diesel and 2.0 gasoline turbo models, to install an all-model 8-speed automatic transmission.
The Head-up Display (HUD) mounted on the Sorento the Master contained enough driving-related information, allowing people to focus on driving without looking at navigation.
The clash between the two sides became more severe after Ayuk Tabe, the leader of the extremist separatists, declared his inauguration as president of the English-speaking "Republic of Ambazonia" and was arrested last year December.
The Economist reported that the elite troops who were placed in the Northern Lake Chad region, the major front against Boko Haram, were moved and invested in the military repression in the English-speaking area.
Shinsegae International's women's suit 'Vov' is a resort collection that allows individuality and comfortability in travels and daily lives. It has released linen-based one-piece robes (loose gowns), wide pants and others.
The stylish business casual brand "Blue Lounge Maestro" also released jackets and pants with higher refreshment and activity with wool-cooling material that gives a cool feeling when touching the flesh.
Experts say that the Federal Reserve System (FRS) will adjust the pace of raising the benchmark interest rate because of these variables.
He tied with Bryson DeChambeau and Kyle Stanley for a 15-under 273 total to join the playoff, but lost to DeChambeau, who birdied the second hole of the playoff.
Until the first-half 9 holes, Jutanugarn tied 5 birdies and 1 bogey on the 9 holes to cut 4 strokes, which widened the gap between Kim Hyo-joo by 7 strokes.
Usually, if a coach steps down during the season, an active coach takes over as a caretaker manager, but the NC Dinos is said to have carried out a 'irregular reshuffle' by leaving the post of a many-winning coach with more than 800 wins to Yoo.
The three astronauts, Anton Shkaplerov (Russia), Scott Tingle (United States) and Norishige Kanai (Japan), completed their 168-day mission to the Space Station (ISS) on the 3rd (local time of Astana, Kazakhstan) and landed safely on Kazakhstan's ground using the Soyuz MS-07 spacecraft, according to AFP.
#어울회봉사단#,' (President Yeon Sung-hee) a volunteer group consisted of civil servents of the same age in Yeongdong, North Chungcheong Province, was working on base painting to paint murals in an alley near the central street of Yeongdong-eup on the 3rd.
John Obi Mikel, who played for Chelsea, Wilfred Ndidi, who plays for Leicester City, and Joel Obi, who plays for Torino, are notable.
In addition, the city will organize and operate a transportation task force of about 100 people to transport visitors to other regions, control traffic around the National Cemetary, and crack down on illegal parking.
7 intra-city bus routes (11, 48, 102, 103, 104, 107, 113) that run around the National Cemetary will also make a detour run.
It has been confirmed that a banned material called "fluorescent whitening agent 367" was used in the world-wide cosmetics brand Dior's "Nail Glow," a manicure for hands and toes.
The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety has ordered cosmetics manufacturers and vendors to collect the products, and asked consumers who have already purchased them to return them through cosmetics vendors or purchase locations.
The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety announced on the 4th that the Gyeonggi Institute of Health Environment collected and inspected edible fats and oils in circulation and found that benzopyrene exceeded the standard level in 3 products, and that the products will be discontinued and collected.
The won-dollar exchange rate closed at 1,071.9 won, down 3.1 won from the previous trading day, due to eased geopolitical risks stemming from U.S. President Donald Trump's mention of the end-of-war declaration.
As the volcano and lava erupted, volcanic ash and smoke covered nearby villages such as Guatemala City, Sacatepéquez and Antigua, a popular tourist destination.
The Super Cub is a model that celebrates the 60th anniversary of its birth this year. It has been recognized for its overwhelming practicality and efficiency, selling 100 million units in 160 countries since its launch in 1958.
Early last month, '#전참시#' caused a stir by releasing a caption titled "Breaking news, Lee Young-ja makes a shocking confession while eating fish cake" with the news footage of the Sewol ferry disaster. 
The MBC investigative panel said earlier that the incident occurred when the AD asked the FD for video materials related to editing, and that 2 out of 10 material that the FD delivered to the AD were related news on the Sewol ferry.
It can fly vertically at speeds of more than 150m per minute and can hover at 2,700m high which is similar to Baekdusan Mountain, carrying 9 fully armed men. It is used for transporting, mission, and evacuation of troops.
South Chungcheong Province announced on the 5th that it conducted an 'Evaluation on excellent rice brand selection for the South Chungcheong Province in 2018' to enhance the quality of rice in the province and strengthen competitiveness.
Out of 15 local governments in the province, 11 cities and counties with leading brands and 28 large rice processing and distribution companies (RPC) participated in the evaluation, now in its 3rd year.
As a result of the evaluation, '#아산맑은쌀#' produced at the Yeongin NongHyup RPC in Asan was selected for the gold prize in recognition of its equal superiority in the quality assessment of rice and the single breed of Samkwang rice.
RPCs selected as excellent brands will be given incentives of 20 million won, and will be given priority when attending various promotional events or investing in facilities.
While no casualties were reported in the fire, fire authorities issued the first stage of response and mobilized 24 equipment, including 2 fire helicopters, and 48 personnel to extinguish the blaze.
Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon holds a drum beating performance to reduce plastic use with Minister of Environment Kim Eun-kyung and other participants at a ceremony marking the 23rd Environment Day held at the culture tank in Mapo-gu, Seoul, on the 5th.
At least 25 people were killed and hundreds injured when the lava of Fuego volcano in central Guatemala erupted into nearby villages such as El Rodeo around 3 p.m. that afternoon (in local times), according to the local newpaper Prensa Libre and England's BBC.
The Jeju provincial government announced on the 4th that among the 11 designated beaches, Hyeopjae, Geumneung, Iho Taewu, Hamdeok, and Gwakji will open at the 23rd and 6 others will open on the 1st of next month.
As the plan became known, North Chungcheong Province and local residents protested against the plan, saying that "The water pollution in Goesan, the lower part of Munjangdae, will become severe," and conflicts have continued.
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov delivered Putin's personal letter containing the invitation to Kim during his visit to Pyongyang on the 31th of last month.
Major markets such as the U.S. and China as well as new markets are also seeing a rise in sales, raising hopes for better performance in the second half.
When the Amalekites attacked Israel, Moses made Joshua lead the people to fight the Amalekites, and he went up to the top of the mountain.
There will be foggy places on the west coast and some inland areas by morning, and again between tonight and tomorrow morning, on the west and south coasts.
Kang Jung-ho (photo), who was unable to play in the U.S. Major League Baseball (MLB) for about a year due to drunk driving, showed off his strong performance by hitting home runs in 2 consecutive games in the minors.
Kang Jung-ho, who played his first game for Bradenton on the 2nd, hit a grand slam in left-handed bases in the match on the 3rd.
Some 3,000 journalists from around the world are expected to flock to Singapore to cover the historic meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and North Korean Chairman of the State Affairs Commission Kim Jong-un on the coming 12th.
The Singapore government announced yesterday that the Tanglin area near the Shangri-La hotel will be designated as a special event zone, and announced today that the area around Sentosa Island, which includes the Capella Hotel, will be designated as a special event zone as well from the coming 10th to 14th.
The theme of the event, which also includes wishing for the successful hosting of EXPLO 2018 Jeju Mission Convention, will be "Together," starring the CCM group Anointing, to present meaningful performances for Jeju residents and the next generation.
A total of 30,000 people from Saebyeol Oreum and whole Jeju, including people from 450 churches in Jeju, and participants from home and abroad, will participate in the "EXPLO 2018 Jeju Mission Convention," which will run from the coming 26th to next month's 12th.
Lee, who has a splendid career at the peak age of 30, has suffered a setback as he failed to make the final entry (23 players) for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia, which was announced on the 2nd.
The movie is a blockbuster about a crisis in which dinosaurs left behind in the closed Jurassic World are endangered by volcanic eruptions, and threatening dinosaurs beyond evolution that should not exist go out to the world.
The volcano, which was showing signs of eruption, finally began to vomit lava, and the sight of a group of dinosaurs running at full speed to survive gives a breathtaking sense of overwhelmingness.
Adding to the threat of "Indominus Raptor," a creature that shouldn't exist here, the fierce chase and battle at the Rockwood mansion creates new impetus and thrills.
As all the remaining dinosaurs on the island appear out of the world, "Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom" features the most powerful dinosaurs in the series.
The symbol of the series, T.rex, unleashes intense charisma, and the might of the Mosasaurus, the gigantic underwater dinosaur that swallowed the Indominus Rex in a bite at 'Jurassic World' (2015), can be seen.
Although attempts to evolve dinosaurs in the preceding film have caused terrible chaos, humans again dream of the evolution of dinosaurs.
The upcoming "Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom," features next to the "Indominus Rex" the "Indominus Raptor," an evolutionary creature created by man's endless greed, giving the audience strong shock and surprise.
The Indominus Raptor is a dinosaur created by mixing the genes of the fierce Indominus Rex, which quickly devastated the "Jurassic World", with the genes of the highly intelligent dinosaur Velociraptor.
The previous film "Jurassic World" (2015) marked the start of the new "Jurassic World" trilogy, with the world's largest dinosaur theme park, which remained an unfinished dream in the "Jurassic Park" trilogy, opening under the name of "Jurassic World" and showing a world where the public meets directly with dinosaurs.
If the name is not listed, the cleaning staff opens the trash bag and specifies the owner through things like mail and give the warning to recycle thoroughly.
Ukiha is an area where former Yoshii and Ukiha were merged in March 2005. Ukiha reportedly used a registered envelope even before the merger.
In September 2004, the "clean station," a facility that turns general waste into solid fuels (RDF), was operated, which became the starting point where the whole new city including Yoshii began using registered envelopes.
Choo Shin-soo, who launched his cannon in 5 games since the Seattle Mariners match on last month's 30th, has increased the record for the most home runs by a Asian big league hitter to 178.
Oh Seung-hwan took the mound safely to the 1st base in the first half of the 7th inning with his team leading 1-0 at Rogers Center in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on the same day.
Oh Seung-hwan, who had 3 runs in 2-3 of innings and had his first loss of the season against the Detroit Tigers on the 3rd, saw his season ERA soar from 3.12 to 4.00 as he struggled for two consecutive games.
It was found out that the Office of Court Administration, during when the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court was Yang Sung-tae, had reviewed the timing of the sentence and whether it was cited considering the merits and demerits of the Supreme Court on the disposal of the Korean Teachers & Education Workers' Union.
The government is planning to prepare for the disaster with the National Disaster and Safety Status Control Center of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety as the center, along with the Ministry of Environment and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, believing that the transitional impact could lead to loopholes in flood management.
Requirements for designation include the direct residence and operation of private house complainants, compliance with area criteria, posting of required registration certificates and rate tickets for private lodging businesses, payment of credit cards, and the suitability of fire prevention facilities.
The hotel, which is modeled after two buildings used by British soldiers, renovated and preserved the old building of those days, and afterwards built a new modern building.
First of all, the construction of the 1st section (23.1km/Bugi-myeon, Cheongju~Wonnam-myeon, Eumseong-gun) began in May last year, and the 2nd section (13.3km/Wonnam-myeon, Eumseong-gun~Judeok-eup, Chungju) and the third section (8.2km/Judeok-eup, Chungju~Jungangtap-myeong, Chungju) will start sometime this month.
The "Jukdo Island couple" Kim Yoo-gon (49) and Lee Yun-jeong (43), who farm deodeok in Jukdo Island which is attached to Ulleungdo Island, will become mother and father next month.
Yoo-gon came to Jukdo Island last March beforehand to prepare for the farming, and Yun-jeong, who was living alone in the apartment in Pohang, moved to Jukdo Island at the beginning of last month and helped, her husband.
Yun-jeong is planning to receive postnatal care for 2 months in Daegu, afterwards move back to Jukdo Island, and then come to land in about September.
In response to growing criticism that the company is neglecting the smartphone addiction issue, it has come up with a desperate measure to encourage using less of the company's products.
The key points of the exhibition are how the national football team of Shin Tae-yong boosted its defensive teamwork which has been criticized, and what distinct pattern of attack amid the creed of "first defense then counterattack" it prepared.
With the World Cup just around the corner, it is believed that repeated attempts to make a three-back, which has many runs scored, are more damaging than its gains in terms of morale among defenders.
Earlier, the Korea team carried out a modified three-back tactic to place Ki Sung-Yueng as the "libero" on the final defense line in the match against "imaginary Sweden" Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Simple sleeveless dress, urban resort look, classic chain shoulder bag that catches your eye everywhere is a modern square-shape item recommended for any look.
One of the rules of fashionable people is that they match each material and every detail well, without making it look like they put in too much effort.
People are focusing on how Jordan's King Abdullah II, who has been put to trial in a series of anti-government protests, will overcome the crisis.
Even when you lie down like this then kick the blanket and go out because you have no choice, the bus doesn't come immediately, and no miracles of no traffic happen.
During the game against the Hanwha Eagles of the 2018 Shinhan Bank MY CAR KBO League at Jamsil Baseball Stadium in Seoul on the 5th, Oh Ji Hwan delivered an impellent sliding to Ha Ju Seok, the shortstop located on the 1st and  2nd bases without a single, in the late 4th inning.
As controversy continues over Oh Ji Hwan's impellent sliding, some are suggesting to follow the sliding rules of the U.S. Major League in order to protect players.
Rizzo, who had already been force-out at home, slided into the right ankle of Elias Diaz, the Pittsburgh catcher, apparently trying to keep the batter from getting out at the 1st base.
Seven Eleven plans to sell a total of 200,000 limited copies at 4,500 stores across the country and if the total amount of purchased goods excluding cigarettes, alcohol and service products is over 3,000 won, you can receive one character sticker.
It was a place where the diverse support of the government, which has worked hard so that various contents startups could successfully settle down to the domestic contents market and even lead the global market, paid off.
Because originally, his job was to obtain documents or provide assistance to the public with an official car, but he did more work as a personal driver for the head and vice-head of the myeon.
According to A, the head of the myeon even made A use A's car instead of the official car in order to evade inspection.
People are looking at the scene where a series of bombs exploded on the 6th (local time) in Sadr City, a Shiite-dominated city near Baddad, Iraq.
The Jeju Coast Guard said on the 7th that it is investigating the body of a women in a hospital at Jeju downtown, after receiving a report from an angler that a woman was lying on a mud rock in front of the shipyard at Hallym Port at 11:44 a.m., 7th.
According to the Jeju Coast Guard, the woman was about 165cm tall, wearing a black turtleneck at the time of her discovery, with underwear and pink drawers on her lower body.
Jeju Island, Jeju Tourism Organization, and Jeju Ecotourism Association announced on the 6th that they will hold an "Eco Party" in Hado-ri, Jeju City on the coming 16th, in Mureung-2ri, Seogwipo City on the 17th, and in Yusuam-ri, Jeju City on the 23rd.
At the Dongdae intersection in Boryeong, Sohn saw the van continue to move even after a collision with a passenger car, jumped into the passenger seat of the van and changed gears to stop the vehicle.
The South Korea team, led by head coach Shin Tae-yong, displayed lethargic performance throughout the 90 minutes of warm-up match against Bolivia (FIFA ranking 59th) at Tivoli Stadium in Innsbruck, Austria, at 9:10 p.m. on the 7th (Korea time), and finished at a 0-0 draw.
After holding a closed-door warm-up match with Senegal on the coming 11th, the national football team led by Shin Tae-yong will enter the Russian base camp, St. Petersburg, on the 12th and play the opening Group-F match against Sweden on the 18th.
It was based on his opinion that we should meet outside at ease rather than difficultly find a place that could accomodate several wheelchairs.
Having nowhere to go because the world didn't want us, we were groping our healthy past and painful reality, eating cold pizza and chicken in a small park in an apartment complex on a seemingly sunny day that was actually full of fine dust.
The Korean national soccer team is heeding full attention to the physical condition of its players, with only the warm-up match against Senegal on the coming 14th left before the opening of the World Cup in Russia.
The national foorball team led by Shin Tae-yong, which arrived in Leogang, Austria, a training camp, on the night of the 3rd, rested without doing anything until the following day morning.
1 team doctor, 2 physical coaches and 5 rehabilitation trainers are stuck there to help the players stay in top shape.
Team doctors and physical coaches frequently check the bocy parts that require massaging by each athlete and determine what equipment is available to help them recover from fatigue.
Kazakhstan, Ukraine and Belarus signed a memorandum on security assurances (The Budapest Memorandum) with the U.S., Russia and the U.K. in 1994 as compensation for giving up their nuclear weapons program.
A woman who dragged a shopping cart hundreds of meters from a large supermarket to the front of her house is drawing criticism online.
The 11th annual Nanoori hospital competition will be held in two categories: the character category for the hospital's new mascot, and the advertisement category with the theme of "Global Nanoori hospital," "Fun but not dull Nanoori hospital."
Chungju, North Chungcheong Province, said on the 8th that it has approved a plan to create a North Chungju industrial complex that will create industrial demand in the northern part of the province and lay the foundation for a new growth industry in Chungju.
The city plans to deploy regional specialized strategic industries and new growth engine industries there, and realize balanced regional development and new job creation to help the underdeveloped northern region transform itself into the center of economy and life.
Choi Yong-soo (47), the former player of the national football team and the former FC Seoul coach, left advice to the younger players to play a game they won't ever regret.
Choi appeared on TBS's "News Factory of Kim Eo Jun" on the morning of the 8th and talked about the World Cup for about 30 minutes with host Kim Eo Jun.
Choi earlier appeared on SBS' "Black House of Kim Eo Jun" on the 1st, predicting that the team will win the match against Germany.
Choi served as FC Seoul's head coach from 2012 to 2016 before moving to China in 2016 to head Jiangsu Suning FC.
Earlier in October last year, a 20-something Korean student was killed by falling off the 60m coastal cliff of the Seven Sisters Cliffs, a famous tourist spot in England.
The donation delivered on this day will be used for operating a bakery class program for people with severe disabilities, and 50 severely disabled people will have bread making experience for 2 occasions.
TVstorm's contract was signed at the TVstorm conference room on the morning of the 7th, and they are planning to speed up the expansion of the global business field through signing this deal.
TVstorm has been supplying set-top box middleware platforms and various services to SK Broadband, LGU+, SkyLife of South Korea and LinkNet of Indonesia's LIPPO Group, and Transvision of CT Group.
In addition, TVstorm boasts huge technical capabilities, as it is an advanced technology company with technical competitiveness and technical business capability for set-top box middleware, and has received the T3 rating, the highest level among technical credit ratings.
TVstorm, currently building the Head-End (transmission system) system for satellite hybrid services and supplying set-top box platforms, is actively expanding its business with Southeast Asia and Central Asia as its center.
Although People's Solidarity for Participatory Democracy released the cost data for 2G and 3G telecommunication businesses, it was not able to conclude whether the telecommunication cost compared to the production cost was calculated appropriately.
This is because it is hard to determine whether the composition of basic telecommunication fees or each plan's production cost is proper only with the production cost data that the Supreme Court ruled in April to be made publi.c
When the special investigation team of prosecutors enforced search and seizure of his home and office on the 29th of the same month, former inspector Lee submitted his resignation, saying that it is impossible to carry out normal work.
This is due to social and environmental education and school environment education being largely highlighted by the demands of the times following the enactment of the Environmental Education Promotion Act in 2008.
In addition, Ganghwado Island's ecology, culture, history, environment and education park business, which can vitalize ecological and environmental education in elementary and middle schools within Ganghwado Island, should be actively promoted.
Jeju/Jeju Tourism Organization said on the 7th that about 80 Singaporean tourists will visit Jeju from this day to experience the "self-driving electric car" product developed jointly by the Korea Tourism Organization, the Singapore Automobile Association, Asiana Airlines and local media outlets.
It is more than twice as expensive as ordinary goods visiting Korea, including Jeju, and includes visits to major tourist destinations and program experiences as well as separate individual tour schedules.
The stay in Jeju increased from 3 days to 5 days, and tourists share electric cars to visit major tourist spots such as museums in Jungmun Tourist Complex, Udo Island and Seongsan Ilchulbong Tuff Cone, and experience railbikes, submarines and horseback riding.
They visit the recommendation course for 3 days of the total schedule, but freely visit the places they wish to go for the rest of two days.
The experience will be accompanied by a Singaporean Chinese journalist and others to introduce Jeju's natural environment, electric vehicle policies and conditions for self-driving electric vehicles in detail.
The Jeju Tourism Organization also plans to push for the development of specialized products using the "Jeju Electric Vehicle Eco Rally" with the Singapore Automobile Association which jointly developed the product.
In last year November, the city built the first Braille Library with a floor area of 766㎡ and 3 stories at the site of the blind welfare center in Hagik-dong, Nam-gu.
People are focusing on whether Choo Shin-soo, who is already spending his fifth season in Texas, will be able to post more than the 2015 results this year.
As a result, he was denied a work visa by the U.S. Embassy in March last year, failing to play a single game in the 2017 season.
The league's governing body delayed its decision on disciplinary action until after the Olympics, fearing that disciplinary action against coach Kim and his daughter would have a negative impact on the national team.
On the 31th of last month,  North Korean Chairman of the State Affairs Commission Kim Jong-un met with the Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov in Pyeongyang and expressed his intention to visit Russia within this year.
It was the first time in 11 years that the winning team was decided by 4-0 in the championship match, since the San Antonio Spurs won against the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2007.
Durant, who averaged 28.8 points, 10.8 rebounds and 7.5 assists in this series, became the 11th player in history to win the championship MVP more than twice.
Local media including Prensa Libre reported on Monday that the National Coordination for Disaster Reduction of Guatemala (CONRED) issued an evacuation order earlier in the day, because the volcano caused a small eruption again.
They also criticized the government, saying that it does not use equipment for the search and does not actively try to rescue the victims.
The Fuego volcano is 44km from Guatemala City, the capital of Guatemala, and is considered one of the most active volcanoes in Central America.
The meeting was arranged to share the results with the industry and discuss ways to maintain competitiveness in the secondary battery and semiconductor sectors in the future after Minister Paek visited China on the 5th and 6th.
Participants in the industry included Jin Gyoyoung, president of Samsung Electronics, Park Sung-wook, vice chairman of SK Hynix, Kim Jong-hyun, vice president of LG Chem, Jeon Young-hyun, president of Samsung SDI, and Kang Sang-hoon, chief directer of SK Innovation.
The government emphasized that the companies should make various efforts such as securing next-generation technologies to defend against the pursuit of China and other underdeveloped countries.
The government, along with the private sector, will also seek ways to develop next-generation technology processes and foster core personnel, while helping companies ease their investment woes.
The Korea Internet & Security Agency said on the 9th that 11,626 complaints on personal information infringement related to election promotional texts were received in the 118 Cyber Civil Service Center from last month's 1st to June 8.
For nine days from March 31 to June 8, 7,932 complaints on personal information infringement related to election promotional texts were reported, more than half of the total.
Singapore authorities have designated the area around the Shangri-La and St. Regis hotels as "special event zone" from the 10th to 14th on the 3rd.
Two KBS reporters who were caught by police for trespassing into the North Korean embassy residence while covering on the upcoming North Korea-United States Singapore Summit were deported.
In his first at-bat, he hit a good pitch with an outfield, but stopped short of a direct hit and struck out with a bases-loaded walk in his second at-bat.
Anmyeon-eup, Taean-gun, South Chungcheong Province, which sufferedpine wilt disease in 2014, has regained its status as a clean area after four years of complete control of insect pests.
Pine wilt disease clear area should be clear of pine wilt disease for more than 2 years, and will be approved only when it receives scrutiny by the South Chungcheong Forest Resources Laboratory and the Korea Forestry Promotion Institute and is approved by the National institute of Forest Science.
Anmyeon-eup, Taean-gun, is known to have carried out intensive management of provincial forests shortly after thepine wilt diseases erupted in June 2014, and no additional infected trees have been reported since November of the following year.
Singapore authorities will handle security around and outside the accommodation, but those who will guard closely will be those who surrounded Chairman Kim's vehicle with a large "V" and sprinted, showing "bulletproof protection" during the April 27 inter-Korean summit.
It is expected that whenever Kim moves in Sentosa Island, he will be surrounded and escorted in layers.
Singapore authorities announced at around 1:30 p.m. that day that they would control the roads leading from Changi Airport to Tanglin at around 2:30 p.m.
According to on-site footage released by Singapore's media Straits Times, the vehicle of Kim and his party, along with the guards, were 29.
When we acknowledge that God loves us and that we are blessed, we can recover from our wounded minds.
The Spirit gives us the power to judge our thoughts, will and mind justly, and He stays with us as the driving force of life that says that God is with us.
Earlier, the Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office sought an arrest warrant for former representative Park for his alleged involvement (violation of the Trade Union and Labor Relations Adjustment Act) in the  "Greenization (Withdrawal from the labor union)" of business partners, including disguised shutdowns, between July 2013 and December 2015.
This is possible because food and cooking have the amazing power to bring up rich stories at any time.
Anyone who has ever asked his or her mother for a detailed weighing to make their mother's dish and got scolded, could relate to Kim Soo-mi's cooking instructions and the confusion of the chefs.
If "Mr. Baek's Home food', who led cooking show's heyday, offered an easy and detailed weighing for beginners, "Soo-mi's Dish" shows the weighing of a mother. 
The production team expects the controversy and shows a discussion between Choi Hoon, professor of Kangwon National University professor, author of "The Ethical Studies for Animals," and Chin Jungkwon, professor of Dongyang University professor, author of "Thus I'm an Existing Cat."
As of now, he is expected to make all-out last minute preparations with his aides in preparation for a meeting with President Trump while staying at the St. Regis Hotel, his residence.
The Singapore media Straits Times reported that the leaders of the two countries will hold a bilateral meeting at Istana Palace at around 12 p.m. on the 11th, followed by an expanded meeting attended by key aides and a "working lunch."
President Trump is also expected to discuss principle matters on the successful hosting of the North Korea-U.S. summit, rather than discussing specific issues at the meeting.
It is predicted that President Trump will spend the rest of his time tidying up his strategy with Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, who came with him, for the meeting.
The North Korea-U.S. summit, which will determine the fate of the Korean Peninsula, will be held at the Capella Hotel on Sentosa Island at 9 a.m. on the 12th in Singaporean local time (10 a.m. on the 12th in Korean time).
There are no interest or discussions on the local livelihood or policies in elections to select local workers, only stories like soap operas.
The campaign bulletins delivered home contain policies and pledges of the candidates as well as personal information such as their assets and military service, tax payments and delinquent criminal records.
Among them were lawyers who only collected fees from their clients and then let the warden be dismissed, and law firms that exaggerated and advertised with descriptions such as "top" and "best."
One lawyer was punished with 1 month of suspension for not doing anything as a lawyer, such as submitting a statement of opinion for 8 months until resignation, after accepting 10 million won in starting fees for a criminal case.
The news agency also said Kim Yong-chol/Ri Su-yong, Vice Chairman of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party, Ri Yong-ho, Minister of Foreign Affairs, No Kwang-chol, Minister of People's Armed Forces, Kim Yo-jong, Vice Director of the Propaganda and Agitation Department, and Choi Sun-hee, Vice Foreign Minister, accompanied Kim Jong-un to the Singapore meeting.
The AP said earlier that the world's attention is focused on "the talk of the century" between North Korea and the United States as everyone gathered in Singapore on the 10th, but the North's media has not reported anything.
Describing it as calm as "the eye of the typhoon," the press had reported that North Koreans were unaware of the North Korea-U.S. summit, which could be a grave turning point in their lives.
The Incheon Hospital 21 (Head director Hyun Yong-in) said it conducted a medical checkup for the Laotian baseball team and the local coaches on both the 5th (Tuesday) and the 8th (Friday).
The Lao Baseball Team, affiliated with the Hulk Foundation, led by former SK coach Lee Man-soo, will stay in South Korea for nearly 20 days in June to train for the Asian Games.
The 40 players, as well as Khamphay Sisavanh, the Laotian Vice Minister for Education and Sports, and Sengphone Phonamath, Vice Chairman of Laos Olympic Committee, directly participated in the Hospital 21 checkup, showing high interest in the medical environment in Korea.
Ha, member of the supreme council, has consistently expressed his support after Gyeonggi Governor Kim Young-hwan of the same party revealed Lee's alleged "actress scandal."
After Kim appeared on the KBS 9 o'clock news on the previous day to reveal his position on the scandal with Lee, he posted a message on Facebook urging Lee to step down.
As things actually turned out to be so, Yoo Eun-hye, Jin Sun-mi, Park Kyung-mi, Baek Hye-ryeon and Lee Jae-jung gained attention by dying their hair blue and posting the picture on Facebook on the 9th.
Neymar, who returned from his injury from the last Croatian match to start scoring, proved his worth by hitting a run-scoring run on that day, and Brazil proved itself to be a strong contender for the championship.
Neymar, who received Willian's pass, beat the defense with sensual individual skills and made a shot through the goalkeeper's crotch to score.
Some predicted that it could be expended to a 3 party talk between South, North Korea and the U.S. in Singapore, but the possibility seems to have become slim.
At the ceremony marking the 31st anniversary of the 6.10 Democracy Movement at the Seoul City Hall on the 10th, Minister of Interior and Sfety Kim Bu-kyum read President Moon's commemorative speech.
She scolded the child even harder in front of other mothers for fear that she would be criticized for failing to discipline them.
The mother would have intended to break the aggressive behavior by making the child stay with other children and experience cooperation and self-regulation, but in this case, the child's behavior does not change at all.
Children should be taught not to hit, but first, we should think calmly about the cause of the action and then find the suitable solution.
The system was conceived in a scene in which about 20 engineers were deployed at the auto racing competition at the same time, replacing 4 tires in 2 to 2 seconds.
Taeil corp (Representative Person Lee Yeong Deok) announced the "Customer Appreciation Promotion for the 3rd anniversary of Launching Chaeyun614" to celebrate the 3rd anniversary of "Chaeyun614," its cosmedical brand.  
In summer weather, it is good for the skin to correct blemishes and tones as lightly as possible and properly block UV rays rather than doing heavy and stuffy makeup.
In response, in order to ease many people's concerns over makeup and skin problems ahead of the summer season, #뷰블리# Choi Yeo-jin unveiled her beauty-young "Five Light Tone-up Cream" as a strongly recommended item through the broadcast.
Choi Yeo-jin, who brought the Five Light Tone-up Cream from the studio with confidence in her product, also demonstrated the immediate tone-up effect by applying it on her hands.
The Five Light Tone-up cream introduced by Choi Yeo-jin is known as the luster cream that actress Park Sun-young, who is starring in the drama "Live Together," uses when filming when she is tired.
It's recommended when you want to whiten your face and skin by giving a soft light from inside the skin.
This year's unemployment benefit payments are on a steady rise, reaching 450.9 billion won in January, 464.5 billion won in February, 519.5 billion won in March and 545.2 billion won in April.
According to the employment statistics of the Korea Employment Information Service on the the 5th, the number of employment insurance subscribers who received unemployment benefits in the 1st quarter of this year stood at 628,000, the largest number since 2010 when the number of beneficiaries began to be tallied.
In general, unemployment benefits are calculated by calculating 50% of the average wage before retirement as a daily basis, with the upper and lower limits applied and the vast majority of the recipients being paid a similar amount.
The OECD announced the average unemployment rate of 35 member countries (March, 2018 as the standard) on the 15th of last month, counted Korea's unemployment increase as the highest among OECD countries.
During the this year's February-April period, the number of employed people increased only to 100,000, far lower than the government's target of 300,000 and past indicators.
Starting next year, the government plans to raise the level of unemployment benefits payments to 60% from the current level of 50% of the average wage, and increase the payment period by a month from the current 90-240 days to 120-270 days.
The actress Son Ji-yoon (Left) and Lee Jin-hee in the play "The 100 year old man who climbed out the window and disappeared" are interviewing Newsis at Tas Café in Dongsung-dong, Jongno-gu, Seoul, on 29th of last month.
Professor Kim Mi-kyeong, the wife of Ahn Cheol-soo who is the Seoul mayoral candidate of the Bareunmirae Party, is appealing for support to the citizens near the Mok-dong Station in Yangcheon-gu, Seoul on the morning of the 11th. 
As if to avoid exposing their identities, they did not wear the insignia of portraits of Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il on their chests, but their short sports hair and bulky build was particularly noticeable.
The Shangri-La Hotel, the residence of U.S. President Donald Trump, about 600 meters from St. Regis, has also begun full-scale preparations for the guests.
Just at the time the search and inspection operation began actively in St. Regis, even barricades had not been fully set up, let alone checkpoints, in Shangri-La.
In particular, the seminar was evaluated to have been helpful in understanding blepharoplasty of the lower eyelids, as it broadcasted the live surgery and allowed visitors to observe the actual surgery.
For example, bags under the eyes are caused by fat pockets caused by the fat under the eyes falling too far below the eyes due to the area around the eyes aging.
Because it makes them look lazy or tired, many people are undergoing fat under the eyes removal and reassignment operations to make their eyes bright and clear, director Cho explained.
To repay consumers' love for "Jinjja jjolmyeon," Ottogi corp will hold an event to promote a recipe that will make "Jinjja jjolmyeon" more delicious.
In fact, products processed with radioactive materials such as beds, pillows, wallpaper, bracelets, necklaces, eyeglasses, golf gloves, mask packs and underwear have already penetrated deep into our lives, but the public's anxiety is mounting due to the lack of any significant legal regulations.
On last month 18th, Shin proposed a revision to the "Act on Protective Action Guidelines Against Radiation in the Natural Environment" that requires those who manufacture or import/export products processed with radioactive materials to register with the Nuclear Safety and Security Commission as mandatory safety management providers and to be investigated by specialized agencies for compliance with safety standards.
In fact, when analyzing countries with high paternity leave rates among OECD members, the paternity leave period under fatherhood is very short and not statistically significant, with a correlation coefficient of 0.101.
Yang served as the Vice Minister of Unification, visiting professor of North Korean studies at Korea University, and as the first president of the Unification Mission Academy, and is currently serving as chairman of the academic committee of the Christian North Korean Crusade.
When Jesus entered Jerusalem with his disciples, he pointed to fig trees that could not bear fruit, and told them how great the prayer of faith was.
There is a difference in quality between prayer that we know there is the one who pray with us, helping us, and prayer that we do not know.
Lee was questioned at 9:55 a.m. to 10:42 p.m. at the immigration special investigation team of the Seoul Immigration Office as a suspect in violation of the immigration act.
Yonhap News Agency reported that Lee admitted to hiring a housemaid in general, but denied some of the charges, saying she did not give active orders such as getting a trainee visa.
The special immigration investigation team is reportedly considering wrapping up with this day's investigation, considering Lee's old age and her poor health.
For example, when calling the case where the symptom decreased more than 50% than before the treatment "treatment effective group," 73.65 of all patients realized the effect of treatment.
The advantage is that there is no risk of whole body side effects such as oral immunosuppressants (cyclosporine) or steroids used to treat patients with severe atopic dermatitis.
French President Emmanuel Macron explained the call to reporters, quoting Bismarck after talking with U.S. President Donald Trump over the imposition of EU steel and aluminum tariffs.
He both shaked hands in a pleased manner with the Chinese President Xi Jinping (習近平) at the two meetings in China and with President Moon Jae-in at the two Panmunjon talks, but there was no special signs.
President Trump and North Korean leader Kim will begin their historic meeting at the Capella Hotel on Sentosa Island on the southern tip of Singapore at 9 a.m. on the 12th (10a.m. in Korean time).
The two sides had a tug-of-war to the last minute on whether to include in the agreement the term "Complete Verifiable Irreversible Dismantling (CVID)" of nuclear weapons.
The Ministry of Gender Equality & Family said on the 12th that the National Assembly needs to pass the revision bill, which was pending in late May, as early as possible, after examining guidelines and legal revisions on eradication measures on sexual harassment & violence established since November last year.
According to the Ministry of Gender Equality & Family, the revision to the Criminal Act, Act on Special Cases Concerning the Punishment. Etc. of Sexual Crimes, Medical Service Act, Act for Medical Residents, all on reinforcing the punishment and administrative restriction for sexual assailants, are pending in the National Assembly.
In the case of protection of victims and prevention of secondary damages, the government also improved the related guidelines by providing counseling, medical expenses and psychological treatment for even expired statute of limitations, and setting the limit of support for psychological treatment at 200,000 won per session from the current 150,000 won.
The government will also add indicators of efforts to prevent sex crimes inside ethics managing in local public companies' management evaluation, and take additional cuts if they cover up incidents, take actions against victims and reporters, or do not conduct preventive education.
On last month 30th, they revised the enforcement regulation on the Decree on Disciplinary Action Against Public Officials to allow only heavier punishments than suspension, except in cases where the level of sexual harassment is weak or when it is slight negligence.
In order to eradicate non-human rights activities, such as sexual abuse of medical personnel, the ministry also revised and implemented guidelines for "job ethics" for medical workers to be designated as a mandatory subject and required them to complete it for more than 2 hours within 3 years.
Yoo made the remarks to reporters earlier in the day after campaigning to support Kwon Oh-eul, a candidate for governor of North Gyeongsang Province, at Andong New Central Market in North Gyeongsang Province.
Along with the Vision 2020 declaration ceremony, the Korean Veterans & Mutual Aid Association is implementing a "good mutual aid service" based on membership fee safety management and trust and honesty under the management keynote of CEO Kim Kwang-yeol's "customers comes first."
The 7th National Local elections and by-elections for National Assamblymen will be held at 14,134 polling stations simultaneously nationwide from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. on the 13th.
According to the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Election Commission, A is accused of voting for a certain candidate at a regional pre-election polling station in Seogwipo, Jeju Island on the 9th, and then taking pictures of the ballots and disclosing them to his SNS account two days later on the 11th.
Through the revision, it became possible to punish all clinical trial records, such as related information or adverse reactions, if they were written falsely.
People are expecting that the credibility of clinical records will improve as the grounds for punishment of false records has been established.
The two sides are believed to have held consultations to finalize what to include in the agreement.
North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Choi Sun-hee and U.S. Ambassador to the Philippines Sung Kim held business negotiations at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Singapore on the 11th.
During the contact, the two sides reportedly fine-tuned details to the last minute, including the level of North Korea's denuclearization wording to be used in the summit announcement and the U.S.'s the guarantee of North Korean regime's safety. 
According to the Nuclear Safety and Security Commision, there were about 63,000 applications for mattress collection as of 1 p.m. of this day, and 11,381 of them were collected.
The Korea Exchange said it has developed the "KRX Mid 200 Index," which consists of blue-chip mid-stock shares in the KOSPI and KOSDAQ markets, and will announce it on the coming 25th.
The applicant can download and fill out the application for business form from the Korea Disabled People's Development Institute (www.koddi.or.kr) and submit it directly to the management support department of the Korea Disabled People's Development Institute with a copy of the business registration card, a copy of the general construction business registration card, and a certificate of complete payment of the national tax and local taxes.
Choo Shin-soo, who hit the 12th home run of the season in 3 games since the game against the Houston Astros on the 9th, has increased the record for the most home runs by an Asian-born big league player to 180.
The stranded passersbys leaned against the steel railings installed on the side of the road, waiting for the motorcade procession of the leaders of North Korea and the United States to pass.
Strict traffic control was lifted little by little after another 10 minutes, even after Kim's procession completely disappeared from view.
The material consists of a crystal structure in nanometer (nm) units of 1 billionth of 1m, which is stronger and more energy efficient than single crystal materials of the same size.
You can funly read the newly created Old Testament with Minecraft's background and characters, including Joseph's coat of many colors, various costumes of the Egyptians, and the scene of the Red Sea splitting.
Shin Hee-jin is the first professional handler of all dog breeds in Korea and has actively conducted teaching activities for grooming seminars in various countries, including the United States, Canada, China, Singapore and Taiwan.
Shin is the country's top dog beauty master with high-quality techniques and skill, recognized not only in Korea, but also by foreign hairdressers and handlers.
Fire authorities suspect it was an explosion of disposable butane gas in connection with some witnesses saying they heard something exploding.
If the system is properly established, the time to complete the minutes will be significantly reduced and the results of the meetings will be released in a timely manner to reduce costs and improve transparency.
In an interview with the broadcasters of each news agency at the time when his election was made certain the previous day, Lee expressed displeasure or stopped answering at awkward questions.
Han Seohee drawed attention as she posted a poster of the "Hyehwa Station Demonstration" and revealed her support for it on Instagram on the 9th.
Millennium Town, which will be located in Jujung-dong, Cheongwon-gu, had plans for golf courses, convention centers and marine and cultural experience centers since 1998, but they were repeatedly canceled and remained in a state of reply.
North Chungcheong Province Governor-elect Lee Si-jong is taking a photo after receiving his election certificate from Lee Sang-joo at the ceremony held at the North Chungcheong Election Commission on the 14th.
POSCO E&C revealed yesterday that it will sell "Jeonju Inhu The Sharp" at Inhu-dong 1-ga, Deokjin-gu, Jeonju in lots early next month.
The raw material of panduratin (fingerroot extract) extracted with Newtree patent technology is included as the main ingredient, helping to maintain skin health from ultraviolet light as well as reducing body fat.
The vase, which had been left in the attic for decades, is said to have received high value as it was in very good condition and had little damage.
According to Sotheby's, the vase was purchased by the ancestor of the family who had the vase in the late 19th century, and that they had kept it in a shoe box in the attic.
Visitors to the world's largest game show "E3 2018" is enjoying a game with a 75-inch QLED TV at the Samsung Quantum Dot Display (QLED) TV Experience Zone set up at the Microsoft Xbox Showroom at the Los Angeles Convention Center on the 12th (local time).
The People's Petition System of the Blue House is a communication-oriented policy of the Moon Jae-in government which presents the answer of the government and the Blue House officials to the petition if the petition received the recommendation of more than 200,000 people within 30 days.
He went to a business trip to Singapore while he and I were preparing to answer, and as he is on a plane now, I will answer for him.
First of all, on the request to cancel the permission of cable channel, this is the first thing we want to say.
This decision was made by the Korea Communications Commision, a collegiate administrative institute, which is not a single institute with all authority, and where several members make decisions together rather than one person. 
It's actually has a safety valve-like structure that requires close discussions among members of the commision to make the decision as carefully as possible.
Expanding and protecting the press' freedom of speech are important, but it seems like the people's desire are that the press also becomes a trusted media player as a watchman who protects social justice.
With a 2-0 lead in the first half, Russia pulled out Fyodor Smolov in the 25th minute of the last half and deployed its tall striker Artem Dzyuba.
It suggested that Lee got in various scandals toward the end of the election process, but it was a question that focused more on how he would accept and resolve critical opinion toward him as governor of Gyeonggi Province.
During the grand opening performance of the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia, Robbie Williams was embroiled in a controversy over swearing as he lifted his middle finger at the camera.
The convincing analysis is that it was due to the attempted poisoning of the double agents Sergei Skripal and his daughter that happened in last March in the UK.
The UK expelled 23 Russian diplomats from its country and Russia, in retaliation, also expelled 23 UK diplomats from Russia as a counter fire, creating diplomatic clash.
After about 4 weeks of treatment, you can feel that the sinked volume and wrinkles have improved, and the effect will be maximized after 6 months.
In fact, for AquaCare, it implements vacuum pressure (478mmHg) of the same quality as professional equipment used in skin care shops, inhales sebums and wastes between the skin, and helps the natural Aquafilling solution open the way for moisture in the skin.
In the water supply phase, it puts the Soothing solution deep into the skin with various nutrients, whitening, elastic and pore-reduction effects through the Water Galvanic function, and allows the skin to grow shiny from the inside.
Prince Muhammad bin Salman, who was watching the match in the stands, was clearly embarrassed after Saudi Arabia lost a series of run that day.
On the same day, interest rates on 5 year government bonds in South Korea rose by 0.005%, while those on long-term government bonds for more than 10 years edged down.
Kyobo Life employees are wearing World Cup cheering cloths and cheering for the Korean national football team at Gwanghwamun Square in Seoul on the 14th.
The mobile snares are not fixed to the back of a tree, but attach the wire snares to a cut-off tree about 1m long and cause wild animals to wander around in snares and die.
Elliott is the party that claimed that it suffered losses as a shareholder because of the government's unfair intervention on the merger between Samsung C&T and Jae-il woolen fabric, and filed a lawsuit seeking for compensatioin of more than 700 billion won.
The South Korean government proposed to Elliott that they have face-to-face contact in Korea as they need coordination from various agencies, but Elliott requested to meet in a third country, Japan, making the coordinatation not easy.
In April, Elliott sent a letter of intent of ISD arbitration, saying that it lost 670 million dollars (718.2 billion won) as a shareholder of Samsung C&T due to the South Korean government's involvement in the merger between Samsung C&T and Jae-il woolen fabric.
Iran defeated Morocco 1-0 in the first Group B match of the 2018 Russia World Cup held at St. Petersburg Stadium in Russia at 0 o'clock on the 16th (in Korean time).
While Spain and Portugal were expected to reach theround of 16, Iran and morocco had to win the match to make it to the round of 16.
He played violently against the Iranian players and even kicked a Iranian player's leg, who collapsed while fighting for the ball, while evading the referee's eyes.
Spain and Portugal were tied 3 to 3 after a fierce battle at the Fisht Olympic Stadium in Sochi, Russia, at 3 a.m. on the 16th (hereinafter in Korean time).
Spain started with a 4-2-3-1 formation featuring Diego Costa as a one-top, and Portugal countered with a two-top lead with ace Cristiano Ronaldo and Goncalo Guedes.
Putin invited North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to Russia through Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, who visited Pyeongyang on the 31th of last month.
The foundation's board of directors has never been assembled in the past 19 years and the foundation's manager of accounting did not even know he was included in the board, prosecutors added.
The case was overshadowed by investigation of Special Counsel Robert Mueller on Russia's intervention in the U.S. presidential election, but it turned out to have more destructive power than expected.
In response, President Trump said in December 2016, right after the victory of his presidential election, that he would disband the foundation to prevent conflicts of interest among public officials.
Football fans from around the world are lined up to participate in the street-cheering "FIFA Fan Fest" near Nevsky Prospect in St. Petersburg, Russia, on the 14th (local time), the opening day of the 2018 Russia World Cup.
Fans from around the world will flock to all over Russia to enjoy the world's best football festival, which will run for 32 days starting with the opening this day.
Receiving a pass from a teammate near the net in the 42nd minute in the first half, he calmly dodged the tackles by the Saudi defenders before capturing the empty space of the goalkeeper, who was running towards him, to kick the ball with his left foot and make 2-0.
The first 2018 Russia World Cup Group D match between Argentina and Iceland took place at Spartak Stadium in Moscow at 10 p.m. on the 16th (hereinafter in Korean time).
In contrast to the prediction that Iceland would be defensive, it raised the line early in the game and put pressure on Argentina's front to counterattack Argentina.
With Argentina taking an overwhelming boll possession rate, Iceland countered with an advantageous air superiority and a sharp counterattack centered on Sigurdsson.
In the 19th minute of the second half, Argentina showed the willingness to score by excluding Di Maria, who was showing poor performance, and putting in Christian Pavon, another flank resource.
Iceland tied Argentina 1-1 in their first Group D match of the 2018 Russia World Cup at Spartak Stadium in Moscow on the 16th (in local times).
Croatia had a 2-0 win over Nigeria in the first Group D match of the 2018 Russia World Cup at Kaliningrad Stadium in Russia on the morning of the 17th in Korean times.
England's BBC journalist Jacqui Oatley said Maradona made a slanted-eye gesture toward the Korean crowd ahead of the 2018 FIFA Russia World Cup Group D match between Argentina and Iceland at Spartak Stadium in Moscow on the 16th.
Earlier, Colombian football player Edwin Cardona was reprimanded by FIFA for his actions against Ki Sung-yueng in a friendly match against South Korea at Suwon World Cup Stadium last year November.
Argentina's Lionel Messi is being wistful during the 2018 Russia World Cup first Group D match against Iceland at Spartak Stadium in Moscow on the 16th (in local times).
Iceland goalkeeper Hannes Halldorsson is blocking Lionel Messi's penalty kick in the 19th minute of the last half in the 2018 Russia World Cup first Group D match against Argentina at Spartak Stadium in Moscow on the 16th (in local times).
As refugees from Yemen and other places flocked to Jeju Island, the judicial authorities and the National Human Rights Commission of Korea issued a statement the same day, urging the government to push for measures to protect human rights of Yemeni refugees.
In protest of the authorities' humanitarian move, some citizens are continuously filing Blue House petitions on rejecting the refugees.
To achieve this, the team has to pass the group stage as at least the 2nd place, and it had to earn 3 points against Iceland, which is considered strategically inferior to Croatia and Nigeria in the same group.
Yashin won the Ballon d'Or trophy that is given to the world's best player, unprecedented as a goalkeeper, setting a remarkable record of 27 games with 6 runs and 22 games with no runs in a single season in 1963.
Although the Soviet era was never rosy, it is analyzed that the people tend to glorify the past as inequality in society deepened due to the introduction of capitalism.
It was belatedly known that independent candidate Cho Kyung-gon, who won 1.4 percent of the vote, sent congratulatory flowers to the elect Lee Jae-hyun, who became the director of Seo-gu Office after serving as president of the Sudokwon Landfill Site Management Corp. located in Seo-gu, Incheon until January this year.
Elect Lee, who was the head of the public corporation responsible for stably reclaiming waste from the Seoul metropolitan area, has to resolve a number of pending issues, including the complicated issue of ending the landfill site.
Although there was opposition from the family due to difficult home circumstances, he/she had to come home and help work during weekends and vacations even after she went to Salesian High School in Gwangju to study.
The suspicion was fortunately cleared when he/she showed his/her notes, and when the matter was passed on to the professor in charge, he/she was allowed to take classes.
This incident has prompted Lee to earn a master's degree in environmental engineering in 2004 and a doctorate in public health science in 2008 from Hanyang University Graduate School.
Lee resolved a number of environmental problems caused by our country's compressed growth in the front, serving as the Officer to the Financial Planning bureau, director of the Air Conservation bureau, director of the Water and Sewage bureau, and Assistant Minister for Planning and Coordination (1st class).
When Lee was at the Ministry of Environment in 2009, he was sent to South Sudan, where the then secretariat of the UN Environment Program (UNEP) was located, and formed ties with the late Catholic Father Lee Tae-seok, who became known by the documentary film "Don't Cry for Me, Sudan."
Lee, who published the book by gathering writings on an Internet cafe to publicize "Don't Cry for Me, Sudan" to the world, is still supporting various sponsorship activities, including a scholarship for children in Sudan (Fr. John Lee Memorial Foundation), to succeed Father Lee's service and sacrifice.
Lee was shocked that the employees exchanged greetings by passing name cards at a pep rally for the public corporation employees, and focused on communication and listening.
When Lee was the president of the public corporation, he used to communicate closely in skinship with employees such as writing "Friday morning letters" to the employees every Friday.
As a result of his efforts for harmony, Lee was the first president of the public corporation to receive a plaque of appreciation from the residents' representative and the labor union on the day of his retirement.
Before registering his candidacy, Lee asked for a press conference, saying that as the former president of the Sudokwon Landfill Site Management Corp. and the chairman of the Democratic Party's special committee on environment, he should reveal his official stance on the issue of landfills in the Seoul metropolitan area, which is a big issue in Seo-gu and Incheon.
He wants to provide teenagers with a space to fulfill their dreams in the landfill site of the capital area and support the teenagers who grew up there to become future leaders.
In fact, 66.4% of office workers and 67.7% of job seekers said they will watch the late games also, and 25.7% of them said they will stay up all night to watch the games, according to the "2018 Russia World Cup" survey by a online job site.
Due to the small package, people can enjoy Pringles at once without any leftovers, and can simply eat it as a snack since it is easy to carry.
So far, the modification of 5,200 illegal signboards around Sinwol-ro, Mokdong-ro, Garogongwon-ro, Jungang-ro and Gonghang-daero, from Sinjeongnegeori passing through the Southern Court to Mok-dong Station, has all been completed.
Colombia is a place where a local CCC official worked as a pioneer 5 years ago, and has had difficulties in the past 2 to 3 years.
"Small cars," which had been struggling against Sport Utility Vehicles (SUV) and mid/large sedans, are drawing attention again with the launch of various new models.
According to a survey of Tivoli buyers conducted by Ssangyong Motor in April, "design" (78.9%) was the overwhelmingly high purchasing factor.
Amin, a nortorious slaughterer of innocent civilians, was ousted from power 2 years later after he was defeated greatly by Israel due to a foolish choice during the Entebbe incident.
Critics point out that if China's fierce pursuit and price declines due to excessive competition become serious, the recovery of the Korean economy, which relies on the semiconductor industry, could disappear like a bubble.
South Korea set a scenario of advancing to the round of 16 by assuming that Germany has 3 wins and the remaining 3 teams are competing for 1 ticket remaining.
For South Korea, the best scenario is to beat Sweden for now and then play a match or tie against Mexico and catch Germany in the 3rd game.
The issue of Yemeni refugee on Jeju Island has recently emerged as a hot issue on the Internet as members of several online communities have been at odds over whether to accept them or not.
The official did not elaborate on what was the problem with the petition, but netizens suspect that the phrase "Islam only considers women as tools to give birth, not as people" violated the regulation.
Due to the fire, two people, including a 22-year-old resident Lee, were injured and 15 residents were taken to a nearby hospital for treatment as they inhaled smoke.
#행복한제작소# Corp. was more successful than expected on June 14 (Thursday) at the launch of the Happy Multi-steam vacuum cleaner, which made its debut on public home shopping.
In addition to Seongdong-gu, the same project is being operated in various regions in Seoul such as Geumcheon-gu, Jungnang-gu and Jung-gu, and various cities including Gwangmyeong, Seongnam, Yongin, Pohang and Iksan.
KBS recorded 3.3% of viewing rate in the Group A opening match between Russia-Saudi Arabia on the 15th, ahead of MBC and SBS by 0.4%P and 0.6%P, respectively.
On the same day, a joint delegation from related government agencies held the 1st Kor-US talks with the U.S. government delegation on how to respond to the restoration of U.S. sanctions against Iran.
After the consultations, the U.S. delegation met with the assistant trade secretary of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy and the director of the International Finance Bureau at the Ministry of Economy and Finance and also held meetings with officials from financial institutions, oil refinery companies and economic organizations.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs is operating an internal TF to coordinate positions among relevant ministries in Korea and establish a consultation plan with the U.S., while it also held two rounds of meetings on countermeasures from relevant ministries, which was attended by the Ministry of Economy and Finance, the Ministry of Trade, Industy and Energy, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries.
Iran winning in the 1st group match as they sticked together in Hungry spirit even in difficult circumstances, makes us look back at Korean soccor, which showed poor performance although it has been supported greatly.
Earlier in April, the Korea International Trade Association analyzed that if a trade war between the U.S. and China intensifies, Korea will suffer up to 36.7 billion dollars (about 39 trillion won) in damages.
Electricity equipment was expected to show the biggest drop in exports to 109.2 billion dollars, followed by IT (56.0 billion dollars) and petrochemicals (35.2 billion dollars).
Tass reported on the same day that 8 local people were injured when a taxi rushed into the crowd in Ilyinka Street near Moscow's Red Square.
The Moscow Times, an English daily, reported that smugglers are trying to get female prostitutes in, taking advantage of the ease of entry into Russia during the World Cup.
Some also say that students were asked to buy and bring cigarettes or lunch from time to time, and if they refused to do so, they were persistently harassed such as being verbally abused in class.
With Mayor Kim Seung-soo winning re-election in the election, Jeonju has become a special area where only former government officials lead the city government for 24 years.
Ulsan City Government said on the 17th that it will test-run a jet boat (photo) on the Taehwagang River as part of its project to develop the Taehwagang River's Grand Tourism Belt from the 19th to 27th.
The starting point and destination of the jet boat are the dock on the lower part of Taehwa Bridge in Nam-gu, and vehicles can use the public parking lot at the lower part of Taehwa Bridge in the Taehwagang River.
Although the Smartphone market had continued to grow at double-digit rates in early stages of release, it recently fell into limbo as it recorded 1.8% of growth in 2016 and 1.2% in 2017.
Coach Shin must have reasoned that the team could win if tall striker Kim Shin-wook takes charge of the air superiority, and Son Heung-min and Hwang Hee-chan break through Sweden's defense.
Japan has been striving to reorganize its team since its head coach, Vahid Halilhodzic, resigned in April and Akira Nishino, head of the technical committee of the Japan Football Association, took the helm.
It's because main striker Shinji Okazaki, dubbed Japan's "Big Three" along with Keisuke Honda and Shinji Kagawa, suffered a right calf injury in the match against Paraguay.
Takuma Asano is likely to fill the vacancy if Okazaki is not able to compete, but his presence is considered to be less than Okazaki's, who scored 50 goals in 116 games in the A match.
Colombia tensed as ace James Rodriguez, the king of scores who got 6 goals in the Brazil World Cup, recently suffered pain in the calf muscle, but breathed sigh of relief as it fortunately turned out to be a minor injury.
Striker Radamel Falcao, who has recently been playing in his heyday in the France Ligue 1, and Juan Cuadrado, who shows off the fastest speed, are ready to beat the opposing defense at any time.
On top of that, veteran midfielder Carlos Sanchez will coordinate his team in the midfield and young centerback Davinson Sanchez will lock the back door solid.
The South American team is showing an unexpected slump in the World Cup, with the exception of Uruguay having yet to collect a victory.
Hazard shook Panama's defense moving between center and side, while De Bruyne scared Panama with a sharp free kick.
Having started golf as a hobby, he still practices a lot, playing rounds 1 or 2 times a week and hitting 500 to 600 balls a day.
Since the publication of the World Development Report, the World Bank has been hosting a national and regional workshop to promote the report, and this flagship workshop is the first of its kind in Asia.
The World Bank has been diagnosing pending issues on the subject of global development cooperation through the World Development Report since 1998, and this year's report, which marks its 40th publication, is the first report specialized in the field of education and research.
In this workshop, it will diagnose the education status and problems of Korea and other low-middle-income countries, and discuss the direction that education should move forward for sustainable development.
The workshop will begin with an opening speech by Jeon Hong-taek, director of the KDI School of Public Policy and Management, and a welcoming speech by Darren Dorkin, acting head of the World Bank's Korea office, followed by the subject presentation of the report author and presentations and discussions by participants from countries such as South Korea, East Teimor and Mongolia.
The authors of the report, Deon Filmer, Halsey Rogers and World Bank Chief Economist Michael Crawford, will present the World Development Report 2018 and World Bank Regional Report in Part 1.
A collected about 20 radon bed mattresses from around 8:45 a.m. and left work around 3 p.m. that day and went to exercise before suffering such incident.
Earlier, Korea Post began collecting 80,000 Daejin Bed mattresses on the 16th and 17th, which have been found to violate the saftey standards.
The transportation industry refused to pick up, citing safety, and some 30,000 postmen and administrative staff were eventually put into the collection work instead at the request of the Prime Minister's Office, which received special presidential orders.
Geumsan-gun, South Chungcheong Province, which was a target of conversion to a clean area, was excluded from the 2nd round of investigations after 5 trees infected of pine wilt disease were found during the 1st round of investigations.
A press conference was held at the entrance of Jeonju District Court in Jeonju, North Jeolla Province, on the 19th to urge the prosecution to arrest and investigate Yang Seung-tae, former chief justice of the Supreme Court, on his monopolization of the jurisdiction.
Ahn Dong-woo, governor of Jeju Government Administration, Kim Do-kyun, head of Jeju Immigration Office, and Jang Han-joo, head of the external affairs department of Jeju Provincial Police Agency, is holding a press conference at the Jeju Provincial Government Office on the morning of 19th regarding the latest issue of the Yemeni refugee handling measures.
9 tourists were injured when the ceiling of a building at Mount Huashan, one of "China's Five Great Mountains," collapsed.
Eom Yong-soo repeated disparaging remarks about women and the disabled in the special lecture, and KBS aired these problematic broadcasts without filter, and some media outlets published the contents of the show with provocative titles.
Earlier, President Moon congratulated Prime Minister Modi and the people of India on World Yoga Day via Twitter. 
3 people had an opinion that they should take responsibility for the failure such as miscarried exhibitions including Andy Warhol and Pablo Picasso that were declared. 
In addition, Danyang-gun suffered crop damage of 3㏊ as hailstorms fell Gagok-myeon and Eosangcheon-myeon area on the 29th last month. 
on the 22nd (Korean time) Argentina was badly defeated three to nothing against Croatia at tournament group D second match 2018 Russia World Cup at Nizhni Novgorod Stadium.
Although even mentioned as a favorite to win, it is now in a situation to consider the 'number of chances' to reach the round of 16 after winning the third match against Nigeria without fail. 
Argentine goalkeeper Willy Caballero failed to handle back pass from defender Gabriel Mercado properly and gave it up to Croatian striker Ante Rebić, who was right in front of him.
Caballero who had hardly played a match while remaining as backup in his team prior to World Cup is the goalkeeper that was caught up in controversy by being sent to key player at the final. 
Nicolas Otamendi who play for Argentine national football team faced with harsh criticism for striking the fallen opponent with a ball when dark cloud of defeat was hanging. 

Details of tasks consist of 76 projects (disabled, multi-cultural, women, elderly, children and youth) and these tasks are planned to be implemented for five years until 2022.
After intense competition between 30 teams in last week's broadcast, TOP7 teams (Red Bean Family, Winning, Delicious Ampul, Horse Bean Coffee, #참아름건강#, #아연꽃#, Don-king) were decided to advance to the final. 
Since the team selected by the most citizens after tasting gets extra points for the final, 7 teams that advance to the finals start special training with experts. 
It is said that they impressed broadcasting officials by showing up at outdoor mission field with test product which is completely different in shape and ingredient. 
Commentator Park was once criticized for failing to control his tone at the match between Russia and Saudi Arabia which was the opening game of 2018 Russia World Cup. 
Then Evra left a video message to Mexican star striker 'Chicharito' Javier Hernández who Korea will play against on the 24th. 
CEO Yoon Seong-hoon who is constantly studying to catch the market trend first is also working as adjunct professor of department of public health at Keimyung College University and teaching online marketing planning and practice. 
Supporters of the entry approach on humanitarian grounds saying it is a matter of life of Yemenis, and the negative side is concerned about possible crimes such as sexual assault and theft that can occur when they enter the country.
They insist that the number of 500 people who enter Korea in total is not a huge number, but 500 people in Jeju is different in scale. 
7 reported cases were identified as 2 rowdyism, 3 emergency patients like pregnant woman, 1 asking way and 1 hardships of life. 
In the early days of arrival, there were Yemenis sleeping out in the open like parks, but after government's job support it disappeared. 

A handful of almonds (about 23 almonds, 30g) contains 11 essential nutrients, including dietary fiber (4g), vitamin E (8mg), protein (6g), and monounsaturated fat (9g) that are beneficial to the body.
Argentina was completely defeated by Iceland 0-3 in the second match of tournament group D 2018 Russia World Cup that was held in Nizhni Novgorod Stadium on the 22nd (Korean time).
In this case, Nigeria will come in second by one win, one loss (3 winning points) and Argentina and Iceland will have the same winning point by a loss and a tie (1 winning point). 
Argentina will be moved back to fourth place according to goal difference, but if they win the final group match by many winning goals, they can fully recover.
Superstar Lionel Messi (FC Barcelona), Ángel Di María (Paris Saint-Germain), Gonzalo Higuaín (Uventus) failed to score any goal in two matches. 
Leading children's wear brand 'SFIT', developed by SAMWONSACK (CEO Kim Bok-jin), said they released 'rash guard' that is more wearable and enhanced functionality for this summertime. 
As inauguration ceremony of 65th chief public procurator Yoon Woong-gul on the 22nd was held at the main conference room of Prosecutor's Office Jeonju District, Jeonbuk Jeonju-si, new chief prosecutor Yoon Woong-gul (on the right) is pledging allegiance to the nation before inauguration ceremony. 
It gives enjoyment but on the other side difficulty in hearing is found among the young generation that used to occur mostly among older people because of being exposed to a loud noise over long time.
Sound properly amplified for lost hearing can stimulate the auditory nerve of the brain to prevent difficulty in hearing from worsening. 

By type of business, information and communications and home appliances decreased the most to $170 million, chemistry to $40 million and automobile and parts decreased to $20 million. 
Ministry of Industry explained that as China's export to the U.S. decreases and vice versa, Korea's competitiveness in exports will increase more. 
In order to use the electricity generated by solar light power at home, it needs current converting process which accompanies loss, and the higher the battery module voltage, the less the power loss.  
Since June 2008, Ulsan City utilized waste heat from incinerating domestic waste at Seongam incineration plant to generate steam and supplied to businesses near the incineration plant.
For 10 years since beginning of the business, the city provided total 24.45 million tons of steam to business, made steam selling profit of 66.65 billion won, and business saved 52 billion won of energy cost for producing steam. 
Statue of Pushkin was erected as union of Russian writers asked Korea-Russia talk 2012 and Lotte provided a site in front of Lotte Hotel in Sogong-dong. 
Lotte Group Chairman Shin Dong-bin was awarded for contributing to strengthening Korea-Russia relationship by Russia's order of friendship in 2015, the highest order that foreigners can receive.
Also, companies caught will be taken administrative measure in accordance with the related law and special judicial police will directly investigate and take stringent measure on serious offense.
On the starting ceremony day, under the slogan 'creating clean Sirye village with ditch' various events were held to celebrate the completion of reservoir and ditch wetland to secure water resources and improve the water quality of Sirye village.  

Iceland tied the Argentina 1-1 in the first round of their first World Cup final, and scored both first winning point (1 point) and first goal but suffered a scoreless defeat in the second round. 
As China announced the plan to impose the same amount of customs duty, President Trump responded that he would impose 10% additional duty on $200 billion scale of Chinese imports. 
Conflict factors of trade/economy between two countries can be classified into three great groups: trade deficit, structural problem like opening financial market, high technology issue around 'Made in China 2025 plan'.
A man from Colombia got criticized by public for sexually harassing a Japanese woman as Colombia was defeated by Japan in the first group match of Russia World Cup on the 19th. 
The man watched the first match of group H of 2018 Russia World Cup held at Mordovia Arena, Saransk, Russia on the 19th. 
As the video spread online, soccer fans all over the world criticized the man for forcing Japanese women to copy sexual harassing statement. 

According to Cheongwadae, Mrs. Kim designed the costume with traditional Russian pattern with the cloth purchased when she visited Vladivostok, Russia to attend the Eastern Economic Forum in last September. 
As it has been 19 years since state visit to Russia in 1998, Kim Dae-jung's presidency, it seems Mrs. Kim was extra careful. 
While President Moon was having summit with President Vladimir Putin, Mrs. Kim visited the house museum of Lef Tolstoy, a writer of great literature in Russia.
Recently, poor athletic performance in warm-up match in addition to painful defeat of the day made criticism and cold shoulder from people toward national team more severe as well. 
Switzerland dramatically came from behind and won Serbia 2-1 in second match of 2018 Russia World Cup group E at Stadium Kaliningrad in Russia on the 22nd (local time). 
It was the first come-from-behind victory in 26 games of this tournament and Switzerland got 4 winning points, one win and one draw, leading the group with Brazil and got the green light for advance to the round of 16. 

After scoring a goal, they showed the same goal celebration of making an eagle shape by crossing thumbs of both hands and spreading fingers. 
The interpretation prevails that they expressed eagle shape on flag of Albania with hand movement to target Serbia that suppressed Albania for a long time. 
So-called 'Three Kim (三金) era', which was evaluated as leading Korean modern political history now became 'history' due to the death of late prime minister Kim. 
Jeju-do said on the 23rd that they will aggressively suggest Prime Minister Lee Nak-yeon on 13th Jeju Forum from 26th to 28th finishing Yemeni  refugee status determination as soon as possible. 
Jeju-do predicted that as Yemeni refugee applicant's status determination finishes as soon as possible and exit ban ends, a considerable number of them will move to foreigner populated residential areas and confusion will be rather relieved. 
China's Department of Commerce reached a dumping verdict on Korean styrene on the 22nd and decided to impose antidumping tariffs of 6.2-7.5% for 5 years from the 23rd. 
Last May, Chinese government received antidumping investigation request on styrene from Korea, U.S. and Taiwan, and under investigation in June, and made preliminary antidumping judgment in last February. 

There will be heavy fog on midwest coast by morning and fog in the west coast and inland. 
Ahn Hyunsoo was registered his name on the invitation guest list from Russia government delegates state guest dinner held at Granovitaya hall in Moscow Kremlin on the 22nd afternoon (local time). 

On the day, Ahn Hyunsoo visited the head table of President Moon and President Putin under guidance of Nam deputy administrator while having dinner next to the second deputy administrator of National Security Office, Nam Gwan-pyo. 
 Ahn Hyunsoo tried to reach the victory stand at Pyeongchang Olympics in February held in his home country lastly, but he could not participate as he was implicated in doping scandal in Russia. 
After the game ended in regrettable 1-2 defeat of Korea, President Moon visited the locker room to encourage the national team players.
Political community seems to misunderestimate the medal conferment while commemorating the memory of former Prime Minister Kim, but many of academic circles and civil society voiced their opposition. 
The city selected the outside accounting firm and has promoted the service from April 27th to the 10th this month in order to secure objectivity of computing the cost of supplying gas lines. 
Grander is also responsible for collecting information of the opposing team's strength based on his experience as a head coach of the Spanish national soccer team and network. 
Son Heung-min scored the first goal of Korean national team in the second match of group F at Rostov-na-Donu Rostov Arena in Russia on the 24th. 
As one more on target shot shows, the match between Korea and Mexico on the 24th (Korean time) almost could have been 'underdog's revolt' of this tournament like seen in Iceland or Russia.
As collection represents the art museum, any art museum celebrates its multiple decennial anniversary by planning the collection exhibition to reflect the past and indicate a direction forward. 
Writers of 30 selected collections include deceased writers Kim Hwan-ki, Yoo Young-guk, Jang Wook-jin and alive writers Park Seo-bo, Seong Neung-gyeong,Kim Ho-deuk, Lee Bul, Koo Dong-hee, and has a wide spectrum between generation from 40-80s. 
Even if toxic substance or cancer-causing agent was found a little, it is like drinking the poison diluted with water.  
Chungcheongnam-do said on the 24th that Chungnam governor Nam Goong-young was awarded at 'United Nations Public Service Forum awards ceremony' held at Morocco Marrakesh Palmeraie international center on the 23rd (local time).
This year, 79 countries and 473 institutions challenged for UN Public Service Award and 8 nations and institutions including Chungcheongnam-do Province was listed on the award list. 
Chungcheongnam-do was awarded as 'arranging system to guarantee the embracing participation of decision making' with local finance disclosure system operated since 2013. 
Evaluation committee gave the province high mark as they actively and voluntarily changed the paradigm of information disclosure, and intensified the residents' financial control and monitoring. 

Using information disclosure system posted on website of Chungcheongnam-do (www.chungnam.go.kr), you can check in real time province's budget breakdown, total income, gross expenditure, fund balance by type of deposit, status of tax revenue collection, annual expenditure status and status by day/period.

This year, they produced personal media video that foreigner creator experience firsthand, made more than 20,000 average views, and got a good response from foreign SNS users. 
Top seed country Poland was eliminated first, and Japan, which was evaluated as the weakest remains tied for first place with Senegal by unexpected good fight. 
There is nothing incomplete, from tight pass, trained set play to concentration of scoring at every critical moment.
Korea is not likely to be hugely influenced by the launch of CPTPP since Korea has already concluded one-on-one FTAs with nine of the CPTPP participating countries(11 countries) except with Japan and Mexico.
The RCEP, participated by 16 Asia-Pacific countries including China, South Korea, Japan, India, and ASEAN, is expected to conclude its negotiations next year.
The 'trading cold wave' in the real estate market is expected to continue next year for a while, driven by the government's strong regulations along with a supply-demand downturn.
It is clear that from the investment point of view, entering the housing market will be intense due to a strong loan regulation for multihouse owners.
In addition, homeless households are also trying to delay the purchasing time as much as possible with an expectation that the 'downward pressure' of the real estate market will lead to further declines in house prices.
As the preferential treatment for homeless households was widened and the winning probability has increased due to the subscription system, it is inevitable to prioritize the subscription market over the purchase of existing houses.
While some broadcasters finished the awards ceremony well by following the trend, there were some that caused controversy over the fairness of the judging process.
Young-ja Lee became the third entertainer, as well as the first female candidate, to win the entertainment award twice, after Jae-seok Yoo and Ho-dong Kang.
As soon as the campaign started on the 20th of last month, organizational heads, including Gyeongju Mayor Nak-young Joo, joined the city as foundation leaders. Local entrepreneurs, related organizations, and local citizens also actively participated in the Love for Neighbors program.
The total number of votes increased from the previous year by 13% to 122,253, showing that the interest in professional volleyball is increasing every year.
The All-Star team is made up of 10 players, seven of them voted for by fans, plus 3 nominated by a professional committee.
Under this agreement, the Samyang Corporation and the 23rd Infantry Division will participate in a variety of activities to build up the security consensus, boost the morale of soldiers, and strengthen ties between citizens and military forces.
Young-soo Bae(37), a former player of the Samsung Lions, also marked 15 consecutive wins starting from the Hanwha Daegu game on August 12th, 2003 to the Kwangju KIA game on July 6th.
This year, the Doosan Bears player Seth Frankoff marked 13 consecutive wins starting from the Lotte game on March 27th to the Lotte game on July 4th.
For example, SK Telecom T1, Africa Freecs, Gen. G, and also Damwon Gaming, who joined through LCK, are all very strong teams.
On the 31st, Sportskhan quoted an acquaintance of Shoo, reporting that Shoo and Hyo-sung Im has already been separated for a long time.
Shoo was sued by two people, including Park and Yoon, on charges of not paying back 600 million won at a hotel casino in Seoul last June.
Those who have sided with Yeong-ae Lee were found to be Seoul National University professor Ki-won Lee, a biotechnology/hospital operation related company, and 4 other places.
It was reported that Cheil medical foundation is trying to establish a consortium with several investors and build a hospital management service organization(MSO) due to lack of agent to claim the hospital.
On the 30th, former deputy director Shin posted on the Korea university internet community 'Koreapas', further revealing that there was a coercive instruction from the Blue House regarding the cancellation of advanced redemption of national debt and the issuance of deficit-financing bond.
According to former deputy director Shin, he reported to the press after finding a document titled 'Foreign Affairs, Loan Report' on a computer, which he turned on for his paperwork, in the vice-minister's office of the Government Complex-Seoul.
It contains such message: Do not be conscious of how the world sees me. Do not base anything on the standards that others have created. Find something that excites me.
It is pointed out that optimism seems hard to find with Korea's export economy this year, since the actual exports are based only on specific items.
Semiconductors are the first single-component products that led to more than 100 billion dollars in exports, excluding finished products such as automobiles and aircraft.
General machinery and petrochemicals accounted for 53.57 billion dollars and 506 million dollars respectively, both of which exceeded 50 billion dollars for the first time.
Exports of semiconductors, which prospered on the 'supercycle' last year, have decreased by more than 800 million dollars as global supply increased starting from the end of last year.
It is unreasonable to apply the same minimum wage standard throughout, when the nature and the intensity of labor vary depending on the types of industry and the level of living costs vary depending on the region.
Given the issuance of a cold wave warning in central areas as well as in Gyeongbu areas, many places will have a temperature dropping below minus 10 degrees Celsius until tomorrow.
While a psychiatrist has been stabbed to death by an outpatient, JTBC drama 'SKY Castle' has been criticized by netizens.
At about 5:44 p.m. on the 31st of last month, Se-won Lim, the professor of psychiatry at Kangbuk Samsung Hospital in Seoul, was stabbed to death by his patient Park(30).
On the 1st, former deputy finance minister Jae-min Shin, who alleged that Blue House was trying to raise the national debt ratio of the Park government by issuing deficit-financing bills, further revealed his mobile messenger conversation with the assistant deputy minister of government bonds.
On November 14th, 2017, former deputy director Shin uploaded 'Kakaotalk evidence of government bond', a screenshot of his Kakaotalk chatroom with all 4 names covered with titles such as 'assistant deputy' and 'chief'.
Last year, director Yeom has signed a total of 2.5 billion won worth of contract, including a 3 year contract period, a 400 million won deposit, and a 700 million won annual salary.
As the former director has won the championship, he will be one of the directors to have as much pressure as his high salary.
Although the team had unexpedtedly finished third in the regular season last year, there is no guarantee of a great score this year due to the squad, which worries the director.
In the video, when the clock in the large signboard announced midnight, the wooden bridge where hundreds of people were standing collapsed.
The pine trees here with an excellent wood material has been specially managed since the Goryeo Dynasty because its wood can be easily transported through the sea.
In fact, the pine trees in this region are characterized by being tall in height, having straight stems, and being durable than tress in other regions.
In accordance with the designation of the permitted land trade areas, the government must obtain permission from the mayor of Nonsan for the sale of land in the National Defense Industrial Complex site which exceeds the standard area depending on the use district.
The Emergency Safety Alert Service is a system that allows for a quicker tracking of accidents, where an emergency personnel installs a fire detection/gas detector in a household where senior citizens live alone and calls 119 in case of emergency such as fire.
At the signing ceremony, the governmental founding support chairman of the Korea Electric Power Corporation Tech Jae-Ho Song, Gwangju Mayor Yong-seop Lee, Gwangju city council chairman Dong-chan Kim, Jeolla governer Yung-Rok Kim, Jeollanamdo provincial assembly chairman Yong-jae Lee, and Korea Electric Power Corporation CEO Jong-kap Kim will each participate to sign the agreement.
It also includes a construction of a cooperation system in order to successfully resolve conflicts among competing local governments and to establish a university.
The judging committee, organized last year, is consisted of experts and professors, who select the final candidate at the end of the month by evaluating a total of six candidates using written and field assessments.
Gwangju city, which has already entered the bid to host KEPCO Tech, has received proposals from each of the four boroughs except Dong-gu, and recently reduced the number of candidate sites to 3.
The honorary public servant award, awarded for the purpose of spreading the culture of integrity and public service, goes to the employees of Daejeon city who devoted themselves to the residents and lived in integrity.
Official Yang has never been involved in corruptions since joining the public office, and has been evaluated to be responsive to complaints in a friendly and positive attitude.
Official Yang, who is said to regularly participate in volunteer activities, engages in various volunteer services such as being a judge in the badminton competition for the multicultural family.
The awards ceremony will be held on April 19th as a part of the 39th National Day of Disabled Persons ceremony, and the winners will each receive 10 million won and the presidential citation.
Until last year, the amount of funds has gradually expanded, starting from 1.5 trillion won every year, in accordance with the economic conditions. However, starting this year, it has been decided to expand support, considering the domestic and foreign economic conditions influenced by domestic economic recession and global economic slowdown.
For this year, the focus has been on expanding support for financially vulnerable groups such as small and medium-sized businesses, and on creating a sustainable growth condition for startup companies by providing active support.
In addition, unpremised businesspeople have been allowed to apply for a funding support, and in order to strengthen the sanctions towards the construction contract bidders, these companies have been excluded from the loan support.
On the 2nd, Suncheon City in Jeonnam Province announced that 59.2% of the citizens reported that they are satisfied in the 'Social Survey of Suncheon City in 2018' that examined the quality of life, social interests, and a sense of subjectivity.
From August 29th to September 10th last year, Sunchon City surveyed 65 items in 13 categories including population, households/family, income/consumption, education, health, public health/medication, and social welfare for 1,044 sample households in Suncheon.
According to the survey result, 59.2% of the citizens were satisfied, reporting 'Suncheon is a good city to live in'. This number increased by 10.2% from the previous year, marking the highest since 2010.
As necessary policies to create jobs, 23.6% said 'youth employment projects', 13.3% said 'local community jobs', and 11.4% said 'attract investment from blue-chip firms'.
The city begins a variety of large-scale construction projects such as the complex development of the old Pohang Station, the New Deal project on the urban regeneration, the construction of the marine cable car, the construction of the Pohang Convergence Technology Industrial Zone and the Yeongilman 4 general industrial complex, in order to save the local economy.
Celebrating the 70-year anniversary of its establishment, the city has decided to promote the ecological restoration project of Hyeongsan River through reaching 7 million tourists and the Ministry of Environment's support project for polluted river.
The reorganization of the city bus route, which is planned to be implemented in coming July, builds a citizen-centered and eco-friendly public transportation system, where it secures convenience by adding 70 more city buses to the current 200.
The government should not exclude the possibility that this issue might be directly or indirectly related to North Korea. Even if not, they should consider and handle the possibility that North Korea might be handed the information about the North Korean refugees and might use it to harm them, such as kidnapping or threat, along with their families.
North Korean refugees, who come to the Republic of Korea to pursue freedom, are regarded as traitors to North Korea, and families living in the North live under strict surveillance and ideological education.
At Hana center, there is a guideline to set a password in a file that contains personal information of the refugees, and to store such personal information on a PC that cannot be connected to the Internet, but in this incident, this guideline was not followed.
The Ministry of Unification wants to apologize to the public for the poor management and release of information on North Korean refugees, and to take all possible measures against the second attack using leaked information as well as measures to prevent recurrence.
Some regions of the Death Valley, a popular tourist destination in the winter including Yosemite National Park, are closed or being left untouched and unprotected, causing discomfort to tourists.
In December 2018, the commemoration ceremony for 'the 55th Trade Day' was held in COEX, Seoul, in celebration of exceeding 600 billion dollars in domestic export for the first time ever, and achieving 1 trillion dollars in the shortest period.
Twin Star is a transformational family-sized bumper bed that can be used by both a parent and a child, making it the most popular product in the country.
Anyang KGC Ginseng Corporation has outclassed Seoul Samsung with 3 point passes that were made in critical moments, and had their first win of the year.
This is a word that expresses the case where you encounter any event or situation that is so idiotic that it is not worth talking about.
This work, which depicts the mother and sisters playing the instrument, reminds of the 'Les Demoiselles d'Avignon' of the cubist founder Picasso.
The economic policies that are promised by President Bolsonaro, who supports a small government, include pension reform, tax reform, corporate deregulation, corporate tax cuts, and privatization of public enterprises.
Some are worried that if Brazil gets closer with the United States, it will cause economic damage as they get alienated from China.
It is almost an adventure to bring in the FA players, who are over 33 years old, to the market and to relinquish a prospect.
Because of this, the only player who transferred from the FA market this year is Eui-ji Yang(32) who signed a contract that is worth 12.5 billion won, transferring from Doosan Bears to NC Dynos.
There were no players who passed the age limit of 33 years old, except for Tae-in Chae(37) and Jun-seok Choi(36)'s sign and trade.
Incheon city (Mayor Nam-chun Park) has organized 'Clean Seogu Environmental Citizens Committee of Incheon Metropolitan City' in order to find a reasonable solution for the harsh environmental issues and current issues at Seogu region. On the 3rd, they announced that with the appointment ceremony along with the opening of advisory committee/council, the committee will officially be established.
The committee will run once a quarterly to discuss the environmental issues in the Seogu region, presented in the joint agreement, and it will gather opinions from residents whenever necessary.
The committee plans to actively seek solutions to conflicts in order to secure the environmental rights and the acceptability of residents, by providing realistic and effective alternatives to the environmental issues in the Seogu region that have been neglected throughout all times.
In addition, this year, Incheon city will support 100.3 billion won through the 'special accounting for a local environment improvement in the metropolitan area landfill' for residents' convenience facilities along with the environmental improvement projects in Seogu region that have a high resident benefit.
On the 3rd, a fire broke out at 9:32 a.m. at Chaam Elementary School in Chaam-dong, Cheonan, South Chungcheong Province.
The KOSPI index started with a share of 2011.81, which was a 1.81 points(0.09%) rise from the 9 a.m. previous day's share(2010.00), but it soon started to decline.
After the fire, the city provided expenses for the survivor, the funeral, and the cleanup around the fire, and then exercised the vindication rights to the building owner Lee(53) and pressed the building down.
On the 3rd, Ulsan city announced that they had discussed the formation of the Taehwa river #백리대# Forest at the first meeting with the Green Safety Subcommittee of the Future Vision Committee, which was launched last December.
The Taehwa river #백리대# Forest Project is one of the 10 major tasks in 2019. It is a project to expand the Bamboo Forest to #백리대# forest in order to develop it as an eco-tourism resource.
The bamboo forest is currently located near the Taehwa River in Taehwa-dong in Jung-gu and Samho-dong in Nam-gu, Ulsan. The forest will be extended from the downstream side of the river in Myungchon bridge in Buk-gu to the 40km section near Seoknam-sa in Sangbuk-myeon, Ulju-gun.
Meanwhile, the Future Vision Committee is responsible for proposing and advising on the major policies and future development strategies of the 7th Private Sector, and is operated in 8 sub-systems.
Bulguksa and Seokguram, the UNESCO World Heritage sites, have been selected for four consecutive times since 2013. Donggung Palace and Wolji Pond along with Cheomseongdae, well known for their most beautiful night scenes in the country, were selected for the third time in a row.
On the 3rd, Jeju Island announced that they are investing a total of 19.8 billion won for the welfare support for surviving victims and survivors of 4/3, as well as for the nationalization and globalization of 4/3.
In addition, they are providing 1.3 billion won to the 4/3 survivors' associations and related organizations, including the investigation of the condition of the Jeju 4/3 prisoners in Seodaemun prison, the regional alliance, and the international division for Jeju 4/3 settlement.
According to the plan prepared by the Ministry of Education, the school will conduct a structural safety diagnosis of the classroom that was under construction, and early vacation will be carried out by advancing to 4 days from the original date starting from the 9th.
On the 3rd, when the KOSPI index of 2,000 collapsed only after two days the stock market has opened, the display at the dealing room shows that the KOSPI index fell by 16.30 point(0.81%) to 1,993.70.
Those who wish to get a water rate reduction can visit the Paju Waterworks Bureau or the Paju Waterworks Department or fax(031-940-5519) the documents that confirm that they are subject to the reduction.
Those who have been together for 8 whole years from undergraduate to graduate school have decided to wrap up their school life well before graduation.
They have spent a long time observing the department of environmental engineering and participating in the student council. They explained that they decided to make a donation because they wanted to be a little bit of help for their juniors at school who are studying and working a part-time job at the same time.
Sulli posted a picture of a homemade cookie house with her real name 'Jilli' on it, and also posted a scene of her struggling with the interior decoration.
There was an enlarged photo of Sulli's waist, and also a shot of her showing her armpit by lifting one arm.
When the fishing boat was overturned, Captain Lee(63) and others jumped out of the ship. Six people grabbed the buoy, while one person waited for rescue at the lifeboat.
The system is a technology that optimizes the inner space of the vehicle depending on the driver's feelings and situation in real time. The driver's biosignal is recognized, and such five senses are integrated within the vehicle.
Ceed cars can travel up to 100km with a hybrid system-based four-wheel electric bicycle that uses manpower and electric power at the same time.
At about 2:05 p.m. when the fire was turning off at the Wonju Central Market, a fire broke out at a mountin in Seomchon-ri, Banglim-myeon, Pyeongchang-gun, which spread through 0.03ha and finally was put out in about an hour.
At about 6:02 p.m. when the fire cleanup was happening, a fire broke out again 1km away from the initial point, but was soon put out.
As of April last year, the number of elementary, middle, and high schools with less than 60 students totaled 137(28.5%) among 480 in the province.
By elementary school districts, Chungju had the most with 17, Cheongju had 16, Boeun had 13, Geosan and Jeungpyeong had 10, Danyang had 10, Yeongdong had 9, Jecheon had 8, Okcheon had 8, Eumseong had 7, and Jincheon had 3, making the total of 101 schools.
By middle school districts, there are 7 in Jecheon, 6 in Chungju, 6 in Yeongdong, 5 in Goesan and Jeongpyeong, 3 in Cheongju, 3 in Okcheon, 2 in Boeun, 2 in Danyang, and 1 in Eumseong, making the total of 35 schools.
Reliazing the seriousness of small-sized schools, the Provincial Education Office is investing 18.6 billion won in budget to nurture appropriate schools in the region.
There is also a high expectation that the government will implement its policy to expand SOC investment for economic vitality, with the general election ahead next April.
The expansion of public infrastructure is included in the economic policy this year, and the development of the third new town, the construction of the metropolitan area express railway(GTX) and the actualization of the inter-Korean economic cooperation are also on the agenda.
Generally, experts say that the risk of losing the entire portfolio is lowest when having stock shares at 25% and bond shares at 75%.
In this situation, the investment demand for apartments in Seoul and the metropolitan area along with the reconstruction market is expected to continue steadily.
Starting from Wirye #포레자이#, that closes the application on the coming 4th, to Hillstate in South Wirye, housing supplies will be provided in the metropolitan area, mainly in the remaining Complex in Wirye New Town Gyeonggi, Gwacheon, and Gwangmyung.
Honeymoon Hope Town are offered to couples who have been married for less than 7 years, soon-to-be married couples, or a single parent family with a 6-year-old child.
In the case of small-sized buildings, investment risks will increase, as vacancies increase and rental profits decrease due to concerns over the economic recession.
Director Yoo emphasized that the players association should be reformed as an organization for young players from the minor league who receive the minimum salary.
He advised that if the active players play and retired players are recruited as field experts to operate the team, then the communication will be better than now.
He further suggested that the team should be reborn as a central organization that manages both active and retired athletes, including the one-time conference and the retirement athlete council.
For example, he suggested that there is a need to divide up the team into three different levels, including the 23-year-olds, 25-year-olds, and all-aged, in order to to prepare for the international tournaments.
In order to improve the quality of professional baseball, not only players should go to the major leagues, but coaches should also learn about advanced baseball through training from the U.S. and Japan.
Director Paulo Bento is an adherent of a build-up soccer, where lines are brought up with a back-to-back defensive base.
He made some good opportunities for Eui-jo Hwang on the front line, and constantly put pressure in the middle and disrupted his opponent's defense line.
The tactic to make him as a left wingback at a game against Saudi Arabia is interpreted as an alternative to Heung-min Son, who will be missing the 1st/2nd games due to the agreemt with Tottenham.
It includes the use of Hee-chan Hwang, a variety of attack routes through the set-piece, as well as the use of three back rather than a four back defensive system that was well used in the past.
Our group league opponents, 1st/2nd opponents Phillippines and Kyrgyzstan that we have to meet with Heung-min Son and the 3rd opponent China, are relatively weak.
If the semiconductor market, which has been leading the Korean economy, shows poor performances, then the stock market is likely to officially enter bear market territory.
If this happens, the attacker could remotely control the PC infected with malignant code and extract personal information through key logging that collects keyboard input.
Through this repair work, the city has fixed the detached concrete floor of the compound shopping complex's 2nd floor parking lot, where the biggest defect was found, with an ascon pavement.
The city also completed the construction of a large-scale rain shelter at the front of and behind the complex for the convenience of the wholesale market users and workers.
In addition, the government has decided to modernize fishing villages and fisheries ports by establishing the general agricultural fishing villages in Kureongpo area and the New Deal 300 project in fishing villages.
It was confirmed that the information the Unification Ministry sent to a specialist, analyzing the head of the North Korean state secretary's committee Jeong-eun Kim's New Year's message, was used in a cyber attack to infect the malignant code.
DeMar DeRozan(San Antonio Spurs), who had to leave the team despite his longtime commitment and affection for the team, showed his full potential at the game against his home team.
Leonard, who was traded after missing nearly all games last season for an unknown reason, was jeered by San Antonio fans every time he caught the ball.
The qualification to apply includes a group or a corporation that has a facility management ability that meets the role and function of the youth dormitory, and ability to plan and operate the program for youth culture.
They reported that Apple, which dropped its share price by nearly 10% in a day after lowering its performance prospect, had a record-breaking year-end sales in AppStore in a day.
This is due to the fact that it is closest to the metropolitan area among beaches that are suitable for surfing, increasing the number of surfers visiting.
Last July, the army launched its 'creation of the Mallipo marine leisure safety education center and research to figure out a surf specialization plan', and they plan to carry out the research service until upcoming March and secure related government budget.
Jeonju KCC, who has suffered from poor performance at the beginning of this season and also from the resignation of the director Seung-gyun Choi, is finally starting to revive.
Brandon Brown, a tall import, has finally integrated into his team, and Seung-jin Ha, who is back, is showing his presence in a short game time.
KCC, who lost to SK in the quarter-final play-off after finishing third in the regular season last season, was in the opening match with the aim of winning the championship.
Brandon Brown, who has been criticized at the start of the season for pushing himself too much, is now leading the team.
Seung-jin Ha, who earned 13 points in 16 minutes at the last game, played an all-time record of 8 points and 4 rebounds in 13 minutes.
If Brown and Seung-jin Ha can do well and get good scores, it is not impossible for KCC to make a leap to the top, since they still have players like Kyo-chang Song to come back.
On the 6th, which is the first Sunday of the year, the air quality of the whole country is expected to become 'normal' due to the stable air current.
After the event, Vice Chairman Lee shared a meal with the employees at the cafeteria, and in the afternoon, he talked with business leaders at the Suwon site to discuss about business strategies.
Starting with the world's first commercialization of 5G, Samsung Electronics is pursuing global market competitiveness in all 5G business areas such as chipsets, terminals and equipment. This shows their production of high-tech communication equipment to supply to domestic and overseas telecom companies.
At the 'Qualcomm Summit' held in the U.S. last month, they have supplied the world's first 5G smartphone prototype and are also preparing to launch the first Galaxy smartphone with 5G function.
The Exynos Auto V9 is a high-performance, low-power processor that Samsung Electronics unveiled for the first time last October, after publicizing its automotive semiconductor brand Exynos Auto.
Octa-core, which operates at the maximum speed of 2.1GHz, can control up to six display devices of a vehicle infotainment system simultaneously and can support up to 12 cameras.
The automotive semiconductor market is expected to grow at a double-digit annual rate.
According to a letter sent to investors on the 2nd(local time), Apple has lowered its first-quarter sales prospect from 89~93 billion dollars to 84 billion dollars.
On this day, Ssangyong Motor announced the launch of the 'Rexton Sports Khan' to the media and announced its plan to target the new car market with the '2019 Rexton Sports' with its improved marketability.
On the 3rd, Chungnam National Fisheries Research and Development Institute announced that they succeeded in developing functional materials using caviar together with C&B Cosmetics, a cosmetics manufacturer in the Hongseong area.
They teach you that if you go into any village, you can see the courtyard beyond the stone wall and can see the Jeju people living there.
The automobile market is expected to be rapidly reshaped from internal combustion engines to eco-friendly automobiles due to environmental regulations and changes in consumers' perceptions.
Starting this year, options included in the salary contracts of all players, including foreign and FA players, are also to be reported to KBO.
In the afternoon of the 6th, which is sohan(小寒) according to the solar term, the yellow tangerine peel is forming a spectacle with the sea breeze on the ground near the Sincheon farm in Sungsan-eup, Jeju.
At 26 minutes of the first half, Jordan defender Anas Bani Yaseen joined the attack when the left corner kick was happening and took the lead by making his header into a goal.
Our government explained in detail to the Philippines that the MARINEON crash was due to the defects of some components rather than the structural problems of the helicopter gas.
Last June, the government set up Surion in the front yard of the Ministry of National Defense building in Yongsan-gu, Seoul, and asked the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, to try boarding.
Apple has previously announced the reduction in output of the 3 new products that has been released in the second half of last year, including the iPhone XS.
While iPhone's high price without any innovation and a slowing growth rate of China are depicted as main reasons, Apple's downward trend is likely to continue since these two reasons cannot be resolved immediately.
LG Display, which supplies liquid crystal display(LCD) panels for some iPhone models, is also unlikely to escape from the impact of Apple's poor performance.
Because iPhones use high-capacity and high-volume memory semiconductors, there will also be an impact to our domestic semiconductor companies, who have been leading the global memory market.
In addition, LG Innotek, the world's No.1 global camera module market which has Apple as a customer, will inevitably be negatively influenced.
It is because Samsung Electronics' brand power in the smartphone market is not the same as it was in the past, while the name values of Chinese products such as Huawei, Oppo and Vivo are on the rise.

As of 9:24 a.m. on the 7th, Yuhan Co, Ltd. is trading at 240,000 won, which is 20,000 won(9.09%) more than the closing price of 220,000 won on the Korea Exchange's stock market.
In other words, a report could be considered as a defamation of A, if, after considering the intention and content of the article and vocabulary, A can be regarded as the subject of the report by an ordinary reader.
Because of this, even if a broadcaster clearly states that it is 'unrelated to the case,' they still may be held liable.
It also needs to be checked to see how ordinary readers have interacted with the article, and if A's store can be seen as an international drug store or repository to readers, then the broadcaster may be held liable for this.
On the afternoon of the 7th, the World Martial Arts Masterships Committee(WMC), the host of the contest, will appoint Former Secretary-general Ban as the honorary president in the meeting room of the Chungbuk Provincial Government.
The World Martial Arts Masterships was initially held in Chungju in 2016, and the second will be held in Chungju from upcoming August 30th to September 6th.
In fact, last year, 778 households and 383 households were supplied to Gyesan-dong and Doryong-dong respectively, leading to the increase in population of Yuseong-gu.
On the 7th, Ulsan city announced that according to the '2018 status of the tourists hosted by Ulsan travel agency(travel agency with incentive support)', the number of tourists was 51,220 in 2018, which was a 54.2%(18,382) increase compared to 33,393 last year.
For the length of stay of foreign tourists in 2017, 487 were on a day trip, 5,712 on a two-day trip, and 1,319 on a 3-day or more trip. However, in 2018, 967 were on a day trip, 23,298 on a two-day trip, and 274 on a 3-day or more trip, increasing the number of tourists by 250.6%.
The city has built a web-based online marketing campaign for Ulsan, including the production of a 10-part web drama, overseas TV programs(Taiwan and Vietnam), multi-channel network(MCN), and publicity films for the city tour.
On the 7th(Korean time), Schauffele won the final round of the tournament held at Kapalua Resort Plantation course in Maui, Hawaii, with a total of 23-under-par, 269 points.

Woodland, who finished at 17-under-par 202 points until 3 rounds the day before, had a 5-under-par and finished with a 22-under-par 270 points total in the final round.
Woodland, who won the Waste Management Phoenix Open tournament last February, challenged again in 11 months, but he was defeated by Schapele, who had two Eagles in the final round lowering his strokes by 11.
On the 4th of last month, the executives of Kookmin Bank, including the vice-president, submitted a letter of resignation to the head of the Kookmin Bank In Huh, saying that they would resign if the normal operation is not possible due to the strike.
In the afternoon of July 7th, the new year's first entry ceremony of the army training center opened at the Nonsan training camp in Chungnam, and the soldiers are marching in the parade and greeting their parents.
For the hearing-impaired drivers who rely solely on their vision, a sensory conversion technology that converts all sound information in/out of the car into visual and tactile sense was applied.
On the 6th(local time) in Las Vegas, U.S.A., the electric car startup in China 'Byton' demonstrated to the press their 'M-Byte' concept cars that are to be released this year.
What is the reaosn why India, which has an average annual economy growth rate of about 7% despite the slowing growth of the global economy, is experiencing an employment crisis?
It is also questionable why the Modi regime, which is in the lead of this year's election, has not released the nationwide employment statistics survey since 2016.
On the 6th(local time), BBC reported a story of A(35), who had been sexually assaulted by gangs a day after voting for the Nationalist Party of Bangladesh(BNP) in the general election held on December 30th last year.
Applicants are eligible to apply if their or their immediate successors' address has been in Chungnam for more than 1 year from the date of the announcement. They can apply if they are new or enrolled students of universities in Chungnam/Daejeon area.
As he has mentioned for a long time about his retirement, many speculate that he could leave the national team after the Asian Cup.
Some of the sections of Jeju city's Bijarim-ro expansion work are reviewed to be the incorporated area of the 'Jeju National Park', rasing complaints calling for the shut down of the construction work.
The expansion work of the Bijarim-ro started last June, but the construction was interrupted after a few months due to the opposition from the public as well as the environmental organizations.
Heung-min Son, who is in the Asian Cup for the third time, has a sense of goal better than ever, making his 12th goal in the FA Cup game against Tranmere Rovers on the 5th(Korean time).
Heung-min Son will be joining the national team after the 1st round of the League Cup semi-final with Chelsea(9th) and the Premiere League game against Manchester United(14th), making it unclear whether he will be playing at the 1st/2nd matches along with the 3rd match(16th, against China).
Jin-hyun Lee was on the pre-roster, but Seung-woo Lee, who scored his first goal of the season after playing 6 consecutive games in his team, was selected.
For this reason, the U.S. Bleacher Report selected 'regretable mistakes' for each major league team, listing Hyun-jin Ryu's qualifying offer for the Dodgers.
If Seung-hwan Oh successfully finishes this season, he will become a FA where he can freely choose his own career path without adhering to any specific clubs.
All legend and active all-star players of Women's Korean Basketball League(WKBL) have gathered together to give their fans another happy memory.
On the 7th(Korean time), South Korea won a 1-0 victory at a qualifying tournament for group C against the Philippines in the 2019 Asian Football Confederation(AFC) Asian Cup held at the Dubai Al-Maktoum Stadium, United Arab Emirates(UAE).
After scoring 3 points in the match, South Korea was put into the 2nd place in group C, falling behind China who won against Kyrgyzstan by 2:1, due to the away goals rule.
The fire department is investigating the exact cause of the accident, assuming that A was trying to put on a cigarette while LP gas was spread on the first floor of the house.
Liu Ping, who lives in Liuyang, Hunan province, was handed over to the court last April for allegedly killing his son in the bathtub in his house.
Having a history of depression, Liu's depressive symptoms got worse when he heard from his doctor that his child had health problems.
Solid Gold is the world's first holistic pet food brand, known for having a safe product that has been recognized for more than 40 years in the United States, an advanced country for companion animals.
Tickets for inverse tickets, with a discount of up to 50% during the New Year holidays, can be purchased at the Air Busan website and on their mobile app by the 10th of next month.
According to this post, netizens have been sending threatening messages through social media/mobile messangers, and also called Cho on the phone after finding out his contact information.
On the 8th, the city announced that around 3,000 athletes from 143 teams, including soccer, taekwondo, and baseball, will participate in the winter training in Gyeongju for January and February.
The construction of Bulguk Sports Center in Bulguksa Housing Complex, which will be completed this coming March, could attract more athletes.
The delinquency management team will pursue a customized collection activity by carrying out a high-level delinquency disposition for high delinquents with more than 10 million won, and by contunuing to investigate as well as encourage payment for small delinquents with less than 1 million won.
The delinquency management team will manage the arrear of the affiliated institutions, and will take charge of collecting arrears and legal proceedings such as investigation of the actual condition of out-of-home residents.
It was reported that there is a total of 458 delinquent taxpayers exceeding 10 million won in the Jeju area, totalling 34.2 billion won in delinquency, and 67,000 delinquents with less than 1 million won(a total of 8.1 billion won).
The change in the almond by-product market is bringing in an innovation that can create higher added value both environmentally and economically.
Thirdly, the cultivation of almonds in compliance with social responsibility requires the protection of crops and trees from pests and weeds through integrated pest management practices.
This indicates the use of a variety of tools and techniques such as the benefictal insect implementation, the pest habitat removal, the mating disturbance, and the application of insecticides if necessary.
In order to solve the dust problem that occurs in this process, they plan to reorganize the harvesting method by 2025 and reduce the generation of dust in the harvest season by 50% through long/short term measures.
While Chaam Elementary School in Chaam, Cheonan, Chungnam Province, entered the fire-related safety diagnosis of buildings for two weeks starting from the 8th, parents and officials of Cheonan Education Support Agency visited the site to hear the explanation about the safety diagnosis procedures.
On the 3rd of last month, a fire broke out at the school building construction site, and the whole 5-floor building, totaling 2,347-square-foot, was burnt.
On this day, Samsung Electronics announced that its consolidated revenues for their last fourth quarter were 59 trillion won and its operating profit was 10.8 trillion won.
Stock firms also lowered the estimates of Samsung Electronics' operating profit several times over the last month, due to the reduced demand for semiconductors and the saturation of the smartphone market.
Uijeongbu Reading Development Learning Support Center supports a 1:1 customized clinic program, developed by Kookmin University Dyslexic Research Center, for students who need professional guidance based on their diagnosis results.
Korea Water Corporation decided to build a flood control dam on the Hantan River in December 2010, and compensated for the dam facilities and the operating loss through the expropriation of the surrounding land including A's dam.
In addition, two big men, an import player Brandon Brown and Seung-jin Ha, who have been showing a better performance, is being a huge help to the team.
From this year, as a result of the management evaluation of affiliated companies, Jeonbuk province has decided to apply a penalty to the institutions that receive the "라/마" classification and to implement a differential application of the employee wage increase rate (promotion depending on the pay step).
This year's addresses include a total of 21 institutions, where 14 institutions, including Jeonbuk Institute of Technology, Jeonbuk Techno Park, and Economic and Trade Promotion Agency, along with Jeonbuk Development Corporation which is a local public company, will get a management evaluation.
In case of incentive pay, 150% of ordinary wages and 100% of wages worth of employee ownership will be paid free of charge, and Pay-band promises to maintain the current system in the expansion of the previous level.
For now, Samsung Electronics will minimize its investment in semiconductor factory expansion, in order to prevent oversupply and to ease price declines.
Experts diagnose that this strange phenomenon stems from South Korea's backward short-term investment culture, continued poor stock markets, and the sudden emergence of new presidential candidates.
An unusual trend of trading occurred, where more deals were made than major companies like Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix, because it was considered as a politically-themed stock.
On the 9th, the children's educational publishing brand 'Owlbook' of Book21 Co., Ltd. will publish the revised version of its bestselling series #마법천자문#, commemorating the 17th anniversary of its publication.
Soy Bebe is a brand designed to help calm and moisturize the skin using its soy fermented product. It optimizes the water-oil balance and minimizes skin irritation, making it avilable to various age groups, from newborns to adults.
The symposium will be hosted by Institute for Biological Resources and Environment, Incheon University(the head professor Yang-seop Bae), and will be led by Project for Development of Predicting and Proliferation of Outer Invertebrates(Insects) by the Forestry Agency.
In this symposium, the focus will be on the development of technologies that can predict the spread and changes in foreign forest pests, such as citrus flatid planthoppers and western conifer seed bugs, which have been having a serious impact on the domestic agriculture and forestry due to climate change.
Earlier in the morning, Chairman Kim's vehicle came out of the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse(釣魚台), guarded by the sidecars. The car went through Changanjie(長安街) and Jianguomen Outer Street(建國門外大街), and headed to the Economic and Technical Development Zone.
Unlike the reorganized two-way route section of the Ilju road, the bus platform is equipped with convenience facilities, which expects to draw attention as a new tourist spot due to its beautiful scenery.
Ulsan City will list the Petroglyphs of Bangudae Terrace to the UNESCO World Heritage Priority List and conduct expert consultation and research services during the first half year for it to be selected as a candidate.
The city and Cultural Heritage Administration has been discussing for a long time to preserve it, but they still have not found a solution.
Last December, the city has completed tree vaccinations to protect nurse trees, old trees, and village forests as a preemptive measures, that can switch the elimination of dead wood to the prevention before the infection happens.
On the 9th, Ulsan city announced that from this year to 2022, it will implement for the first time in Korea the 'coastal pollutant load management' targeting heavy metals, in order to preserve the marine environment and the ecosystem, as well as to improve the polluted marine environment.
The coastal pollutant load management is a system for calculating and managing the allowable load of pollutants inflow, in order to achieve the target water quality in the sea area and to maintain the sediment concentration.
Considering Chung-yeon Choi(23)'s selection as a starter, and Chang-min Sim(26)'s entry into the Sangmu baseball team, Samsung hopes Ki-ju Han to fill the empty bullpen.
On the 9th, with the nationwide sub-zero weather, the temperature of Jeonju city in Jeonbuk marked the lowest with minus 7 degrees Celsius, forming ice on parts of the Jeonju Hanok Village road.
The fire that broke out this day is thought to have started from the 3rd floor of the school main building, where the welding flame has transferred to the outer panel during the earthquake-proof construction.
Monkeys are taking a rest in Dalseong park in Jung-gu, Daegu, during the afternoon of the 9th, when the lowest morning temperature marked minus 7 degrees Celsius.
In addition, Lawyer Kim emphasized that using the words such as #애자#, #병신#, and #찐따# indiscriminately also fixates a negative view towards disabled people.
While the city is worried about complaints from citizens, they are discussing with the relevant departments about the permission of the funeral hall, since there isn't any legal problems.
There is a controversy towards the monetary aspects such as providing the bonus payment of 300%, as well as improving the treatment of new agents and female agents(L0).
It was reported that the local government of the Jeonbuk area and the government are working closely on the 'Jeonbuk Gunsan-type Jobs' project that utilizes a closed Korean GM Gunsan factory.
Jeonbuk Province and Gunsan City have raised their voices to hasten the 'Gunsan-type job' project for the residents who lost their jobs due to the shutdown of the Korean GM Gunsan factory and the Gunsan shipyard of Hyundai Heavy Industry.
Style Set Free aims to be the first to be applied to electric cars based on an electric car platform that will be introduced in 2020.
While Electroland has won a victory by accumulating scores throughout the game, KT was unable to avoid its defeat, suffering from an early strike.
The prayer was taken by Jong-yeol Jeong, the president of the Jeju Christian Association and the pastor of Vision Church, the preach by Gong-ik Oh, the Chief Director and the pastor of Jeju Chungmun Church, and the benediction by Jin-seong Im, the president of the Seogwipo Church conference and the pastor of the New Seogwipo Church.
Uzbekistan was ahead with 1-0 at the first round against Oman in the Sharjah stadium in Sharjah, UAE, when Odil Ahmedov(Shanghai SIPG F.C.) made a free kick goal at 34 minutes of the first half.
5 minutes before the end of the match, Uzbekistan's player Eldor Shomurodov(FK Rostov) made a dramatic goal with an excellent pass from Ikram Alibaev(FC Seoul).
According to the city, Cheongju Gwahaju is a liquor fermented with glutinous rice and traditional yeast, and it has been continuing for 400 years and 18 generations, from Hamyang Bak Clan of Geywon-ri, Miwon-myeon, Sangdang-gu.
It is also said that Chi-won Choi of Silla era built an arbour in the Sinseonbong Peak in front of the Gyewon-ri village and enjoyed drinking the gwahaju with his friends.
The city recently got a liquor license approval for three kinds of liquor, including spirits, cheongju, and takju, from Dong Cheongju District Tax Office. They are in the process of being tested for the quality inspection by the tax office and Food and Drug Administration.
From now on, the city plans to promote Cheongju Gwahaju through #식품명인#, entering the Korea domestic liquor show, supporting the domestic/foreign food exhibition participation, and also by participating in Cheongju Craft Biennale, Cheongwon Life Festival, King Sejong and Chojeong Yaksu Festival.
In order to break down defensive Kyrgyzstan and China, it is necessary to create definite scoring opportunities beyond merely maintaining a stable ball possession.
On the 9th, a fire broke out at a textile company in Sarye-dong, Buk-gu, Ulsan, and the firefighters surrounded by foggy smoke are putting out a fire.
On the 9th, when the conflict in the administration process from two days ago was still lingering, press conferences and protests continued in tents installed in front of Jeju Provincial Government.
On the 7th of last month, Jeju city enforced a vicarious administrative execution against Kyung-bae Kim(50), a resident of Seongsan-eup, Seoguipo-si, and his supporters, who have installed tents at the sidewalk in front of Jeju Provincial Government to stage a fasting demonstration demanding the reconsideration of the construction of the 2nd airport.
In this process, there was a collision between the citizens and the public officials, including loud voices and physical fights, and there was also an incident where the protesters blocked Governor Won's vehicle.
Last day, Jeju Green Party filed a lawsuit against Jeju governor Hee-ryong Won, Jeju mayor Hee-bum Ko, and the public officials, for violating the law on assembly and demonstration.
Jeju 2nd Airport will be constructed by 2025 at the 4.6 million ㎡ site of Seongsan-eup, Seogwipo-si, with an investment of 4.87344 trillion won to build a runway with a length of 3200m.
As part of the 100th Anniversary of 3/1 Movement, the city plans to propose a North-South joint commemoration business to the president's commemoration project committee, in honor of Gwan-sun Ryu from Cheonan, Chungnam, Poong-sin Dong from Myongchon, North Hamgyong, and Taek-jin Yoon from Chaeryoung, Hwanghae.
Poong-sin Dong, who participated in the Independence Movement in Myongchon, North Hamgyong, was mentioned by President Jae-in Moon in last year's 3/1 congratulatory speech, and Taek-jin Yoon was the person who read the Declaration of Independence in front of the church party of Hwanghae Province.
One of the main trends of this year's CES is the infotainment system that is embedded in its mobility and the content it contains.
In late 2012, the Japanese government carried out an unrestricted easy-money policy, represented by "Abenomics" since the inauguration of the Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
The yen-dollar exchange rate was depreciated when yen was released in large quantities to the market, and the Japanese investment funds moved to the global asset market in order to pursue its high profitability.

After last December's Federal Open Market Committee(FOMC) meeting, the dollar value has plummeted, with the spread of the consensus that the Fed will stop raising this year's base rate.
On the 9th of last month, the dollar index, which is calculated based on the currencies of six major currencies, including the euro and the yen, dropped to 95.20, marking a down by 1.51 from the previous month(96.71).
Players from Eijeongbu were able to achieve such spectacular performances because Uijeongbu-si provides an excellent ice skating infrastructure.
Mayor Ahn explained that in addition to ice sports, they are expanding indoor sports facilities so that citizens can enjoy various leisure and sports activities.
It was a result from concerns over China's economy, the condition of the strong dollar that was so severe to affect the global economy, and falling of oil prices.
In the past three months, the stocks that ranked on the 1st~3rd places in the KOSPI market were 'Si-min Rhyu themed stock' Bohae brewery, 'Nak-yeon Lee themed stock' Namsun Aluminium Co. Ltd., and 'Kyo-an Hwang themed stock' Hanchang Paper, in the order.
On the 11th, Cheongju city, of the North Chungcheong Province, announced that it will support a regular facility inspection fee of 46 million won this year for 182 children's playgrounds in the apartment complex.
To ensure that the children's playground management maintains the facilities in accordance with the institutional and technical standards, child play facilities safety supervision law regulates that the facility inspections should be conducted at least once every 2 years from the safety inspection agency, and gives out penalties such as fines in the case of non-compliance.
By type, the number of the contract termination marked the highest with 28 cases, including 19 cases of 'rejection/delay of the deposit refund' and 9 cases of 'excessive cancellation charges'.
Jeju Travel Consumer Rights Support Center analyzed that there are many consumer damages related to contract termination, since the #제주 한달살기# accommodations set their own standards for contract termination rather than complying with consumer dispute resolution standards.
In the case of the deposit refund, the city will implement a field guidance for the sites to comply with the consumer dispute resolution standard, while it will administer measures and put charges to the illegal lodging businesses with short-term lease as well as food cooking/sales act.
With this certification, Hanmi Pharmaceutical will be able to meet the essential information reporting requirements for global businesses, in addition to the systematic protection management of its self-developed drug research information.
Earlier, the military revised the May 2016 related rules to expand the range for compensation, even if the crop damage area is less than 100㎡ and the damage compensation calculation is less than 50,000 won.
On the 11th, members of Yecheon-gun Farmers' Association are engaging in the penance of repentance asking for forgiveness, saying 'we're ashamed to have elected Yecheon-gun district representatives who have engaged in a shameful conduct overseas'.
Ji-man Choi(28) graduated from Dongsan highschool in Incheon, and started his career in Seattle Mariners in 2009, followed by the LA Angels, New York Yankees, and Milwaukee Brewers. Currently, he belongs to Tampa Bay Rays.
There is a growing awareness that it is better to go abroad through post systems or FAs after playing in Korea, since success is not guaranteed.
President In-seop Choi of 3entech received the Asian LOHAS certification in recognition of his technical expertise in the 'automotive fuel control system' secured through the government's BK21 business.
While a plan to put them on a stretcher was also considered due to their worsened health status, it was reported that the two union members had a strong willingness to walk down by themselves.
Starflex, who previously took over Hankook Synthetics Inc., announced its decision to close down after 1 year and 7 months due to a business crisis, and received an application for voluntary retirement from Hankook Synthetics Inc. Workers.
The men's handball team, led by Director Young-Shin Jo, had a 19-30 loss to Germany at the opening of the 26th International Handball Federation(IHF) German-Danish World Championships, held at the Mercedes-Benz Arena in Berlin, Germany.
In the afternoon of the 11th, when Finetek labor-management succeeded in negotiating, Finetek Chief Jun-ho Park is coming down to the ground from a 75m high chimney of a cogeneration power plant in Yangcheon-gu, Seoul, where he staged a sit-down strike.
Venezuela has been in an economic crisis due to the populist policy of Maduro, followed by Chavez. The nation's economy broke down, reaching a 1 million % of deadly inflation rate.
In this season, Antetokounmpo is showing the best performances in every way in the league, not only with the average score(26.6 points), but also in rebound(12.8) and assists(6).
Beside it, there is an achievement memorial stone of Yoong-ryeol Yoon(1940~1911) from the late Joseon Dynasty, who was named a baron from Japan according to #조선귀족령# right after the Japan-Korea Treaty of 1910.
There was also an investigation on the local roads and parks named after Baek-il Kim(1917~1951), a former military commander of the 1st Corps who served as a vanguard of the anti-Japanese independence tribunal yet was revealed for his pro-Japanese acts.
When they shoot and film/send out the images of the whole scene, those in the tapping conference room instructed the task by communicating with the on-site ground control department in real time.
When the system is fully operational in the field, it is expected that it will be possible to protect the lives/properties of the citizens and to secure fast and accurate onsite response through the preemptive crisis management response system.
The nation's first real-time drone video relay system, established by Chungnam last year, operates by putting the drone into the accident scene and transmitting the scene image to the ground control center.
The ground control center sends the video to the tapping situation room, and the commanding officer along with the related department officers prepare countermeasures by examining the whole situation based on the video.
The people who found the star that indicated the birth of Jesus were outlanders, not the Jewish people chosen by God.
Ghoddos, an Iran player from Sweden, carried on the great pass from Dejagah and made a 1:1 situation with the Vietnamese golkeeper Dang Van Lam, but Dang Van Lam jumped out and used his legs to block the ball.
Iran continued with its strong attack and cooperative passes, but Vietnam did not have any visible attacks except at 20 minutes of the last half when they attempted a shooting using the opponent's pass miss.

When Azmoun carried on a 2 vs. 1 pass and took a position near the arc to make a shooting to the right side of the Vietnamese goalpost using his right foot, Dang Van Lam was out in front so could not respond to it.
It was a tough match throughout the play, with only a 5-point difference when 1 minute was left till the end of the game. However, Kwan-hee Lee, who came up as a 'trustworthy man' of Samsung this season, scored a victory thanks to his winning goal.
This day, Kwan-hee Lee succeeded in making a tie goal 8 seconds before the end of the match, and made a winning goal by stealing the attack from Hyundai Mobis when 1.1 seconds was left.
In this sub-zero weather, a 19 month old child is wandering over the overpass intersection, wearing only a thin piece of clothing and diapers.
Hyun-jin Ryu(32), who belonged to the Hanwha Eagles, renewed his record for 2 consecutive years, by receiving 100 million won during his 2nd year in 2007.
In the video, a former coach Seok, who is working as an Internet Broadcasting BJ, is cursing while watching Hyo-geun Jeong's game video.
Chungnam Province announced on the 13th that it will set the 14th~31st as "the period for promoting road maintenance" and inspect the main roads in the province.
Uljin-gun has announced on the 13th that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Sorgen Korea Co., Ltd., SRG Convergence Science Research Society, and Gyeongbuk Marine Bio-Industry Research Institute, in order to form a biodome smart farm.
Sorgen Korea plans to invest 2 billion won to build banana and tropical crop cultivation facilities, convenience stores, and an experiential education center across 13,911㎡ of 135-10th Su Suan-ri, Geunnam-myeon, where the Uljin Expo Park is located at.
Through the on/offline participation by citizens and the consultation with tourism-related organizations, Homi Coastal Dulle-gil Trail, Pohang Harbor, Yeongorang Seonyeo Theme Park, Railway Forest&Fire Garden, and Kuryongpo Japanese House Street were newly selected.
The city plans to hold a declaration ceremony on the 15th for the 2019 year of Pohang visit, and to actively engage in tourism marketing so that the number of tourists, which was less than 5 million last year, could reach 7 million.
He dramatically became a member of Bento's team at the last minute, a team that aims to reclaim the Asian Cup championship in 59 years. Although he joined by replacing Sang-ho Na, who had to stop his play due to his injury from his birthday, it is not easy for him to play at a match.
At 1 a.m. on the 12th, South Korea won a 1:0 victory against Kyrgyzstan in the C group's 2nd round of the UAE Asian Cup 2016.
On the 13th, Hae-in Lee(Hangang middle school) is performing in a Women's single free skating performance for the 73rd National Men's and Women's Figure Skating Championships, at the indoor ice rink in Mokdong Sports Complex in Yangcheon-gu, Seoul.
They are investing 1.7 billion won for the construction of fishing villages and fishing experience towns along with the installation of the multipurpose lifting equipment, and 1 billion won for the release of marine seeds, cultivation of the east coast sea cucumber aquaculture industry, and the red tide control.
Through the New Deal 300 project, the members of Suryeom port in Yangnam-myeon plans invest 11.2 billion won to create a base for water leisure marine sports and to improve the development of specialized fishing villages/fisheries along with the surrounding environment.
Young Yoo(15/Gawcheon middle school) won 2 consecutive victories at women's singles in KB Financial Group Korea figure skating championship 2019(allround championships), which also serves as the 2nd round of national squad selection contest.
Application can be submitted with a confirmation letter of eligibility issued by the local governor and a notification letter of eligibility.
As I mentioned before, no matter how much I got punished or how much time has passed, there is no way to undo the mistake I once committed.
I will reflect, reflect and reflect again on my mistake until your wounded heart is healed and until the day I die.
I knew that someday, the day for me to leave would come, but now it really seems to be the time for me to leave.
After receiving the report, Busan Coast Guard Station dispatched patrol vessels, a relief squad, and the Yeonan rescue boat from Dadae Police Station. Then, they dispatched four people, including Captain A, to the Yeonan rescue boat, and the police officers from the Dadae Police Station used the drainage pump for draining.
In this process, vessel A's engine operated normally at the Morundae Sea at 5:06 pm on this day, and when no further flooding occurred, Captain H requested a self sailing, and admitted to the fishing port of Sujeong village while receiving the security management by the security guard.
On this day, 50 members of the Police Development Committee as well as the staffs from the Gyeonggi Northern Government, including the commissioner of Gyeonggi Northern Office Hae-young Choi, carried out a total of 2,000 briquettes to the houses that are difficult to access by car, even in cold weather.

In addition, they continue to carry out social contribution activities, such as delivering necessities to the rehabilitation center for the disabled, and supporting the Love Food Car to the social welfare center.
This year, households in Gangwon Province that have newborns will receive a total of 600,000 won monthly, including 300,000 won for basic childcare allowance, 100,000 won for the government child allowance, and 200,000 won for the home care allowance.
One of the series, 'Portrait of the Artist', was auctioned off at 90.31 million dollars(102 billion won) at the Christie's Auction in New York last November.
Ho-deuk Kim's solo exhibition(Hakgojae Gallery, March) using modernized Indian ink, and Bernard Buffet(1928~1999)'s retrospective(Arts Center, June), also called 'prince of conceptual painting' from France, are also worth seeing.
The London Philharmonic Orchestra of the United Kingdom and the Russian chief conductor Vladimir Jurowski will be on stage at the Seoul Arts Center Concert Hall on March 7th.
Earlier, there was a controversy over the video of a middle school student pounding on the Statue of Peace with a rock, and a man was criticized for putting up a picture of him kissing the Statue of Peace on his SNS.
Because it is impossible to see the spider web with human eyes from a distance, it gives the illusion where the spider seems to be floating in the air.
Air Busan is trying to test the demand to Jeju at the Ulsan Airport by increasing the number of flights during the winter season, which is an off-season in Jeju Island, although incrrease of the number of flights from Ulsan to Jeju was hard due to lack of slots.
Air Busan's 2018 3rd-quarter revenues grew by 22% to 496.4 billion won compared to last year's winter season, and their operating profit grew by 23% marking 30.3 billion won.
The city plans to handle the complaints about odor generating facilities by undergrounding such facilities through modernization projects, and to establish resident convenience facilities, in order to prosper alongside residents.
Paju Environmental Circulation Center is an environmental infrastructure located in Bongam-ri, Paju-eup, that has been processing 580t per day since 1991, handling 220t of human waste, 80t of food, 200t of livestock excretions, and 80t of excreta blend(animal excreta+food).
Although the proposal for the modernization project was originally submitted under Private Investment Business Act, the policy was later designated as a financial project, after examining the policies, financial health, and enhancement of the public welfare of Paju.
The total working expense will be approximately 97.9 billion won(43.6 billion won of the government expenditure, 8.8 billion won of the province expenditure, and 45.5 billion won of the city expenditure). In January, there will be feasibility studies to determine appropriate capacity and treatment methods for each facility, and in March 2020, administrative procedures will be proceeded, such as government funding application and investment business review.

The city has developed a 1.4km pinery beach road using the empty space created by thinning of pine trees on the Gwanseong coast of Yangnam Province last year, catching popualrity of the citizens and tourists.
With the passing of the deliberation by the Jeju Island City Planning Committee, the Jeju Iho amusement park construction project has been accelerated after 10 years of its abandonment due to the public waters reclamation work.
Jeju Island opened '2019 the 1st City Planning Commission' and on the 14th, they have announced their decision to conditionally accept the 'Urban management plan(urban planning facilities/amusement park) reassessment' of the Iho amusement park project, re-promoted by Jeju Iholand Co..
With Jeju Iholand Co.'s submission of a plan to increase the number of rooms from 670 to 2,000, the City Planning Committee made a reassessed decision to review the increase in accommodation needs last October asking to provide evidence.
Land donations for internal roads and parking lots at business sites, Additional security of river bridges, and the connection of green network in business sites by changing road packaging materials were proposed as accommodated conditions for the business plan changes in the City Planning Committee.
As the project for the construction of Iho amusement park was passed by the city planning deliberation, Jeju Iho Land Co., Ltd. plans to resume construction by this year with the goal of completing project in 2023, through the re-consultation of the environmental impact assessment and the consent from the provincial assembly.
For the common goal of the development of regional performing arts and tourism industry as well as mutual development, both organizations have promised to build a cooperative system and develop various cultural/arts exchange projects.
The Clippers, who gradually lost their place in the league and eventually declared its rebuliding, traded to Detroit in the middle of last season but did not show any impressive results and was not able to prevent the team from getting eliminated in the playoffs.
Now Griffin bears heavy responsibility of bringing Detroit back to the playoffs, who was eliminated in the playoffs last seaon by ranking 9th with 39 wins and 43 losses.
According to the standard revision made this day, the name of the judge and the prosecutor, as well as the counsel and the attorney, will be revealed on a written judgment from this day.
After receiving the report, the fire department is now putting out fire by putting in a total of 280 people, including 64 fire equipments, 50 volunteer fire departments, and 230 firefighters.
Fire officials have explained that as of 7:40 p.m., a large fire has been put out, but they are working mainly on the rescue, as it has not been confirmed whether there are any remaining people inside.
This project is a policy service business that proposes systems/facilities that can grasp and manage the current state of waste disposal, which is increasing rapidly as the number of tourists increases in the Himalayan mountain region.
The new content will consist of a course that joins the schedule of a K-pop star, a tour of the hotels, a tour of performances and a backstage, and a viewing of the private space.
In the actual '5th comprehensive policy plan for the disabled', the 5 major fields, 22 priority projects, and 70 detailed projects are divided and carried out in 12 departments.
Yoido Full Gospel Church has donated 50 million won to Sungae Hospital in 2016, allowing those who are in the blind spots in health system, including African refugees, foreigners who live in Korea, single mothers, beneficiaries of national basic livelihood, and missionaries, to receive medical benefits.
On the 14th(local time), a firefighter is standing near Karaj in Iran's capital Tehran, in front of the wreckage of a Boeing 707 cargo aircraft that belongs to the Iranian Air Force.
The government did not carry out preventive quarantine only this year, nor the duck farms who were considered as the 'weak link' of AI abatement sharply declined.
Cases of definite diagnosis of high-pathogenic AI have been confirmed in China and Russia, where wild birds have crossed from, but until now, they have been defending well.
The city plans to activate the practical training such as developing the curriculum and expanding the personnel so that the experience of participating in the water quality analysis education program can be utilized in the river site in the future.
In Bangkok, Thailand, a woman wearing a mask is crossing a pedestrian bridge on the 14th(local time), a day that showed severe air pollution level.
With the opening of the Boeun practical examination site, the number of national practical examination sites has increased to 10, including Paju Gyeonggi, Cheongyang Chungnam, Yeongwol Gangwon, Jeonju Jeonbuk, Suncheon/Jangheung Jeonnam, Gosung/Gimhae Gyeongnam, Yeongcheon Gyeongbuk, and Boeun Chungbuk.
Through this agreement, both parties plan to jointly develop products and services that provide higher value to the customers, based on the technical and business capabilities they both have.
Accordingly in May 2014, Donghae-si proposed the site of LS Cable Training Institute as a school site, but the Gangwon Provincial Office of Education made a 1st change of the site to the former Samheung branch school in Sinheung-dong, saying that the high-voltage transmission line could affect the health of students.
Since 2014, the city has been making various efforts, such as distributing the cultivation method of a subtropical crop citrus to the farmers and supporting the facility expenses.
An Afghan Ministry official said that due to this terrorism, at least 4 people, including 1 civilian, were killed and 90 were injured.
Because of this accident, Yang was severely injured in his head and back, and suffered a serious injury that affected his lower body senses. He is getting a treatment after being transported to a hospital in Jeju.
It was found that Yang was sucked into a conveyor belt, that operated suddenly, while he was working near the recycling waste sorting machine in the landfill.
Gwangju Northern Police Station, which carried out its last investigation after the dismantling of the task force, arrested 1 spector by inducing self-surrender, as well as Kim, who tried to run away till the end.
Kim, who was in the used car market, took 8,000,000 won in cash that he had to buy a used car and went around high-class hotels as well as rented apartments, but he was caught by a police officer who persistently engaged in an undercover investigation.
In order to quantitatively evaluate the effects of rainwater utilization facilities and to arrange a solution to maximize the use of rainwater, this study was proceeded with a method to analyze the amount and the frequency of rainwater flowing out to the outside, by investigating the Namwon-eup area of Seogwipo-si where a large number of facility houses are distributed.
According to the study results, it was found that rainwater can replace 65~92% of agricultural water if the farmhouses use the rainwater harvesting facilities effectively. However, only 27% of rainwater was actually used as agricultural water, and the remaining 73% was wasted.
This amount is 52.8%(Euigwi) and 19.7%(Wimi) of the total agricultural water use, which is a 2-fold increase from the current rainwater utilization rate of 20.6%(Euigwi) and 9.3%(Wimi).
Currently, rainwater utilization facilities are installed in 1,116 Jeju areas, and Jeju Island is continuously expanding the provision of rainwater utilization facilities in order to maintain/manage groundwater as sustainable water resources.
According to the Wonju Environment Agency, Kangwon Province has concluded an environmental impact assessment meeting in January 2014 in order to host the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games and the Paralympics.
Accordingly, the Wonju Environment Agency urged Gangwon Province to establish and implement a basic plan for the restoration of the Gariwangsan ecosystem, including the dismantling of Gondolas that are not compatible with its ecological restoration direction.
Ahead of the 2016 season, the pitcher Byung-yong Chae(37) has signed an FA contract worth a total of 1.05 billion won for the contract period 2+1 years.
Hyun Chung(23, Korea Rep., 25th in the world ranking), a star player of Korean men's tennis, made the 2nd round of the Men's Professional Tennis(ATP) tour by winning the 1st round of the Australian Opening in 2019.
Hyun Chung was in a crisis by losing in both 1 and 2 sets, but he finished the game off with a victory by winning three consecutive sets with his focus.
After getting a 5-4 small lead in the last 5 sets, Hyun Chung showed a reversal drama by breaking the opponent's serves.
The video contained the image of Heung-min Sohn's arrival to United Arab Emirates(UAE) to join the national team, pausing his England Premiere League schedules for a while.
Fulham England's 'troublemaker' Aboubacar Camara(23) was once again the talk about by engaging in a physical attack with his colleague Aleksandar Mitrovic(24).
The confirmation of the Jeonnam Island Day ceremony is translated as a comprehensive consideration of its related events opening experience, including Jeonnam's contribution to the establishment of Island Day, its local symbolism, and International Green Island Forum.
The Liberty Korea Party has recommended a former head of the ROK/US Combined Forces Command Tae-oh Kwon, a former monthly Chosun reporter Dong-wook Lee, and a former judge of the Suwon District Court Ki-hwan Cha as the party-designated committee members for the '5/18 Democratic Movement Truth Commission', the recommendation the party has been putting off for 4 months.
Although the 5/18 fact-finding committee was established by last September's mutual agreement between opposing parties, the Liberty Korea Party did not recommend their party-designated committee members, which further delayed the establishment of the fact-finding committee.
A former reporter Lee has a history of being asked a public apology from the 5/18 organization, by claiming that the media reports on the outcome of the Gwangju Democracy Movement in 1996 were distorted by victims.
In 2012, a former judge Cha was criticized for posting extreme right articles on his SNS, including an article titled 'North Korean army's Kwangju 5/18 dispatch to the South, revealed to be true'.
A story of an extremely mischievous husband, who exposed the penis of his young son in front of his relatives and kicked his wife's buttocks, was featured on the show.
This is a much lower figure when compared to the double-digit growth rate of 21.6% and 13.4% in 2017 and last year respectively.
Accordingly, Wall Street expects that Samsung Electronics, ranked 1st in the global semiconductor industry, will mark its operating profit of 40~50 trillion won this year, which is a decline compared to last year's 58.89 trillion won.
After playing in the league match with Manchester United on the same day, Heung-min Son got on the airplane and arrived on site in the day.
On the 11th, Hankook Tire delivered a charity donation to the Daejeon Community Chest, attended by the president of Daejeon Community Chest Ji-ho Ahn and the Hankook Tire Daejon plant manager Jeong-rok Yoon.
Because the height of the foreign players was limited to 2m for this season, the team expects Seung-hyeon Lee(197cm) will be stronger under the goalpost.
When a forward player Seong-gon Moon, who played as an exemplary shooter before joining the army, joins the forward squad with Hee-jong Yang, Seung-ho Ki, the team will receive some momentum in the ranking competition.
Nicholas Maduro, who re-elected last May, began his second term on the 10th of last month, in the midst of continuing election fraud suspision.
In the morning of the 15th, the fire department's central fire special investigation team is entering the building to identify the cause of the fire and to inspect the fire-fighting facilities at the Cheonan Ramada Encore Hotel in Ssangyong-dong, Seobuk-gu, Cheonan-si, Chungnam.
In fact, the Daegu production in Chungnam, which was nearly zero in 1990, marked 8t in 1994, an 225t in 1999, exceeded the three digits for the first time.
Unused dishes and pots are recreated as flowers, and plastic baskets are piled up to become fake Corinthian pillars.
While Samsung Electronics is in the lead in terms of market share, China Huawei, which ranks second, is expected to widen the gap with Apple.
This legislation included raising the gun registration renewal period from 5 to 10 years and increasing the number of guns that can be owned by an individual from 2 to 4.
The class was held for 25 minutes, considering the children's level of attention and their maximum concentration time, and this has been receiving great attention from parents.
In the summer, all the accommodations including the Forest House were high on top, all being filled with people, establishing itself as a forest recreation tourism resource.
It seems that the change of culture, favoring the nearby mountains or the nearby recreational forests rather than the distant tourist spots due to the record-breaking heat waves as well as affordable accommodation along with well equipped facilities, was also a contributing factor.
Minjoo Jisan Natural Recreation Forest, surrounded by mountains in Jodong-ri, Yonghwa-myeon, possesses optimal conditions as a natural recreation forest, having rich phytoncide, anion, and clean air.
Upright Mono maple trees, pine trees, oak trees, and snowbells grow naturally around, so when you walk through the forest, a large amount of phytoncide cleanses all of your mental fatigue.
Slavyanka is differentiated from its existing route, and CIQ(customs, immigrations, and quarantine facilities) is already located, so there is no problem with borders and immigration procedures.
In this briefing session, they analyzed the effects of job creation effects of all businesses, found countermeasures against population decline, and held group-specific discussions to present departmental goals and share cooperative tasks.
On the 16th, Inha University(president Myung-woo Cho) announced its plan to establish a 'Pan-yellow Sea Area North Korean Resource Development Institute' with Inha University researchers, for the development of North Korean regional resources in order to keep pace with the inter-Korean peace era.
Based on these research contents, they will foster future innovation industries such as ICT-resource convergence technology and provide a basis for North-South continuous growth.
Through this project, Inha University expects North Kirea to lay a foundation for economic development using mineral resources, and South Korea, which lacks underground resources, to reduce raw materials imports and costs by importing raw materials from the North.
Considering the urban infrastructures such as electricity, ports, roads, and railways, the Yellow Sea area is more advantageous than the East Sea area in terms of North Korea's resource development cost.
Coal and iron ore are mainly buried, and minerals that are consumed widely in Korea such as graphite, rare earth elements, zinc, and molybdenum are buried.
When the Brexit(Britain's withdrawal from EU) agreement was voted down by the Parliament on the 15th(local time), the government made its position that it would accelerate the signing of a free trade agreement(FTA) with Britain.
Due to the benefits of cuts in tariffs and simplification of customs procedures after the entry into the Korea-EU FTA, Korea and Britain's trade volume increased.
As short-term countermeasures, the government also runs a 'corporate support desk' for companies that suffer from the UK and EU export process.
On the 16th, when there are continuing freezing troubles of the water meter due to the sub-zero weather, a staff from the clean water office of Jeonjusi, Jeonbuk, is gathering the frozen water meter.
In the Soccer General Center, which is the 2nd national soccer team training center, physical education facilities, education facilities, and convenience facilities will be built on a 330,000㎡ site.
On the 16th, Chungang university's media alumni association(president Gwang-ki Lee) has announced the Hankook Ilbo editorial reporter So-young Kim, YTN planning issues team reporter Seung-bae Lee, and MBC Everyone 'Welcome, First Time in Korea?' PD Sang-don Moon as the 6th Chungang journalist award.
This prize, celebrating its 6th this year, was enacted in 2014 to promote and encourage people who have contributed to the development of the Korean media and practiced the ideologies of Chungang University, righteousness and verity.
The NC Foundation said that this donation was voluntarily held by the professional baseball player Seok-min Park's, who wanted it to be contributed to the development of the local baseball teams.
On this day's ceremony, congratulatory message from the president of the Kookmin University Undergraduate program(LINC+business manager) Chae-sung Lee, awarding of the certificate of appointment for school business representatives and executives, and the Pil-su Kang's introduction of the school company 'Yesulro' and the business plans were proceeded.
Last year, 12,500 households were supported a total of 13.6 billion won, and a home repair support project in connection with LH Corporation was carried out by investing 1,020,000 won for 350 homebuyers.
With the Gyeongju mayor Nak-young Joo and the president of Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Jae-hoon Jeong as co-chairs, the committee was composed of 40 members, including Gyeongju City Council, athletes, journalists, civic groups, and industry-academia professionals.
They will advise, publicize and assist in attracting organizations, until the candidate site for the Soccer General Center is finalized.
The city emphasized the fact that 90% of the business sites in Gyeongju Expo Park, Bomun, are national/public lands that can shorten the compensation period and secure the site, and can complete the infrastructure and facilities such as roads and waterworks to greatly shorten the cost and the business period.
Its close proximity to Daegu/Pohang/Ulsan/Gimhae Airports, Singyeongju KTX station, large football fields that have A matches including Daegu Stadium and Ulsan Munsu World Cup Stadium, is also a great advantage.
On the 16th, Jeonbuk Province and Jeonbuk Provincial Council held the 'Agreement of HR hearing on the candidate Jang of Jeollabuk-do institutions' based on this framework.
The documents to be submitted for HR Hearing include job performance plan, cover letter, evidence materials regarding jobs/education/career records, military service and property report, criminal record, and consent forms for disclosure of the HR hearing and of personal information.
While there is a prospect that he will get a chance due to Kane, who has recently suffered an ankle injury and is expected to be out until early March, there are many indications that he does not fit with Mauricio Pochettino's tactics thus does not have appropriate uses.
Lukas Moura(26) and Heung-min Son(26), who can be used for Zero Top(tactics to use the midfielders over strikers in the attack) in the event of an emergency, left the club due to knee injuries and the temporary transfer to the national team respectively.
Some have raised worries that Tottenham will not only be able to win league but their qualification for the Union of European Football Associations(UEFA) Champions League is also not guaranteed, due to its unexpected squad gap.
Through this agreement, both parties plan to jointly develop products and services that provide higher value to the customers, based on the technical and business capabilities they both have.
They have announced their plan to invest about 7.6 trillion won by 2030 in the Research/Development(R&D) of and hydrogen and hydrogen electric vehicles(FCEV) and the expansion of equipments, emphasizing that they are actively investing in future technology such as autonomous driving and connected cars.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the Syrian civil war watchdog, announced on the 16th that a suicide bomber in the Islamic State(IS) has killed at least 14 people, including two US troops.
Celebrating the Pohang Visit Year, the city holds a stamp tour with the theme of Pohang's 12 scenery, a metropolis guerilla marketing, and a seasonal specialization program that specializes in sightseeing, eating and enjoyable activities.
On the 6th of last month, it was stalled right before being clinched by a disgreement over the "5-year grace clause", and it is because the government/ruling party are leading the reopening of negotiations from the break of the new year.
This year's LPGA Tour has many exciting things to watch for, including whether Jung-eun Lee will be able to win the Korean Rookie aware for 5 consecutive years, and whether Korean players can block last year's top player Ariya Jutanugarn.
It is pointed out that the fact that it was in an disordered environment for the past 1~2 years due to side issues such as caddy, equipment, and coach changes has also affected the performance.
Gyeongbuk province, which had a conflict with Busan/Gyeongnam provinces for the construction of the new airport construction area, is turning to the 'conditional pros' position for the new Gadeokdo port.
The controversy over the Yeongnam new airport began in 2006 when the former President Moo-hyun Roh ordered the review, and at that time, the 5 cities/provinces in the Yeongnam area were divided into arguing for Gadeokdo and Milyang construction.
This is because the company cannot remain in the mid- to low-end market with low profits, as the quantitative growth is difficult due to the stagnant smartphone market.
On the 16th, South Korea's national soccer team won a 2:0 victory against China in the Asian Cup Group C 3rd round, at the Al Nahyan Stadium in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates(UAE).
While the national team was convinced of victory leading the game by 2-0 1 minute before the end of the game and the crowd cheering, Seung-woo Lee alone could not smile.

Anchor Son showed up on the tbs 'Ou-Joon Kim's News Factory' in the morning of the 17th, and explained his suspicions about borrowed-name purchase that was rsied by SBS on the previous day.
Bahrain, who ranked the 3rd in Group A with a total of 1 win, 1 draw, and 1 loss(4 points), and Kyrgyzstan, who ranked the 3rd in Group A with a total of 1 win and 2 losses(3 points/0 goals), outstripped Vietnam in winning points or goal difference.
Vietnam will go to the round of 16, if tonight's 10:30 p.m. Oman vs. Turkmenistan game, Group F 3rd round, ends up with 1 goal difference, and 1:00 a.m. North Korea vs. Lebanon game, Group E 3rd round, ends up with less than 2 goal differences.
Chungju St. Mary's Hospital, Konkuk University Chungju Hospital, and Jecheon Seoul Hospital were re-designated as local emergency medical centers, while Hankook hospital and Hyosung hospital were upgraded from local emergency medical institutions to local emergency medical centers.
Chungju Medical Center, Hana Hospital, Chungju Medical Center, Myongji Hospital, Okcheon St. Mary 's Hospital, Youngdong Hospital, Jincheon St. Mary' s Hospital, Goesan St. Mary 's Hospital, and Geumwang Taesung Hospital were re-designated as local emergency medical institutions.

The designation of emergency medical centers/institutions follows the Act on Emergency Medical Care, and 16 centers/institutions in the province receive a portion of the operating expenses from the Ministry of Health and Welfare for the next three years until 2021.
Throughout all the other broadcasters/air times, the only program that exceeded this broadcast's ratings is the daily soap opera 'It's My Life', broadcasted at 8:30 p.m. on KBS1, with 20.1%.
Due to this accident, Jung(55), who was standing in front of the restaurant, was severely injured. and although he was transferred to a hospital after receiving first aid from urgently dispatched paramedics, he died in the end.
The railway corporation hopes that this project will provide an opportunity to understand the applicability of Korean railway technology to the frozen soil and to understand all aspects of Russian railway.
The 4 city/provincial assembly's chairmen, including Chungcheong province, Daejeon city, Sejong city, and Chungnam province, have gathered for the attraction of low-cost carriers(LCC) that have Cheongju International Airport, the central airpport of the Jungbu area, as its mortgage.
On the 17th, Chungcheong provincial council chairman Sun-bae Jang, Sejong city council chairman Keum-taek Seo, Chungnam provincial council chairman Byeong-guk Yu adopted a joint proposal to urge Cheongju airport base driver's license issuance at the national city/provincial council office, Yeoui-do.
While the housing crisis In Jeju overcrowding, it was pointed out that long-term room supply management measures in accordance with changes in tourist travel patterns are needed.
The Bank of Korea diagnosed that due to these risk factors, the average life expectancy of all Jeju tourist service establishments, including accommodations, will be 6.5 years, which is shorter than the nationwide average of 7.4 years.
The disaster recovery project, scheduled for this month, is expected to begin construction as soon as the winter termination period is over, using 17.6 billin won for 166 cases of facility restoration work.
Heung-min Son led the Korean football team to victory against China, but the Tottenham Hotspur fans feel somewhat complicated.
As the parking problems are getting worse due to the gradual increase of the number of residents and shopping areas, Paju City will build 6 5-storey building-type transfer parking lots using 9 billion won at the Yadang station plaza by 2020.
On the 17th, the Ulsan city opened the 'Hydrogen Economy Vitalization Road Map and Ulsan Future Energy Strategy Report' with the slogan 'New Dynamics of Hydrogen Economy Innovation Growth' at the City Hall.
200 people attended at this ceremony, including the President Jae-in Moon, the Ulsan Mayor Cheol-ho Song, the Minister of Industry Yun-mo Seong, local members of the National Assembly, and business leaders.
At this event, Ulsan city has signed the 'Ulsan Hydrogen-related industry employment and investment expansion' business agreement with 14 companies/institutions, including Hyundai Motor Company, SK Gas Co., Ltd., S-Oil Co., Ltd., Doosan Corporation, Hyosung Heavy Industries Co., Ltd., Deogyang Co., Ltd., Sejong Industry Co., Ltd., Donghee Industry Co., Ltd., Hyundai Rotem Co.,Giant drone Co., Ltd., Korean Register Co., and Korea Hydrogen Industry Association.
According to the agreement, the city has planned to support the 'Ulsan hydrogen fusion complex valley' by building more than 200 hydrogen companies and constructing an 1 million㎡-sized industrial complex to support hydrogen materials/parts industry.
These companies/institutions have decided to build a hydrogen-powered vehicle along with the auto-parts industry production system and revitalize the economy through employment expansion.
Starting this week, they have significantly increased the number of eligible applicants, and 120,000 soldiers, which is 32% of 380,000 soldiers, will be able to use their cell phones.
It is because 40 cases of improper uses have been detected during the trial operation, such as out-of-hours usage and online gambling.
A huge pipe storing 80% of the area's sewage was clogged with obstacles, and millions of liters(l) of sewage flowed backward, covering 80,000㎡ of land.
Former President Doo-hwan Chun, who has been postponing his court appearance due to the Alzheimer's disease, has been diagnosed that his cognitive ability is not problematic enough to do the golf score sum in his head.
On the 17th, the Hankyoreh newspaper reported that Chun's health condition is good enough to calculate his own score in his head, quoting the ex-caddies from A golf course in Gangwon-do, frequently used by Chun.
While the middle Eastern champions were relatively easy to advance into the tournament, other regional championship candidates did not have great plays although they successfully entered the tournament.
Among the final tournament teams, the Middle East strong teams' relatively good performance is noticed.
Iran defeated their first opponent Yemen by 5-0, and Vietnam, which had hoped for a 'Hang-seo Park magic' also won a 2-0 victory.

Jordan had a 1-0 victory over the 'defending champion' Australia, and has also won the 1st place in the group with 2 wins and 1 draw.
Iraq won a 3-2 victory against Vietnam, but they had an early join to the round of 16 by winning Yemen by 3-0.
Australia, who won the 2nd and 1st place in each of the last two tournaments, experienced a bad start by losing to their first opponent Jordan by 0-1.
Palestine seemed to prosper with a 3-0 victory, but they showed a difficult victory at their last game against Syria on the 16th, winning by 3-2.
Last year, three Doosan Bears and NC Dynos games, which were scheduled to be held on April 6th in Jamsil Stadium, were canceled for the first time in the history of the KBO league due to fine dust.
In addition, the executive committee also introduced a provision that allows a player, listed as a designated batter in the batting sheet submitted before the game, to be replaced if he cannot participate in the KBO League game.
The Golden State, which currently had 5 consecutive wins, won the 1st place in the West Conference with a record of 30 wins and 14 losses, by winning a victory over Denver who had a record of 29 wins and 14 losses.
The Singapore Power Group, a large power supplier in Singapore, has also begun collaborations, by allowing the grap drivers to charge their cars at a 30% lower cost.
Starting this 18th, Starbucks will begin selling the 'Lucky New Earset', which includes 1 of 4 New Year promotional drinks and 1 coin bank, on a first-come-first-served basis.
It is a society that only cares about the making achievements and keeping busy, but does not know how to stop and take a look around.
It is translated that the expectations for transaction activation were reflected in the market, given the ruling party leadership's announcement that they need public opinion on the securities transaction tax.
It is unlikely to have a significant impact on the market if the reduction of the securities transaction tax is small, and this is becuase a 'major operation' to touch up capital gains tax is necessary in order to increase the cut-off rate.
The total tax revenues related to listed shares have decreased as the transaction tax rate was lowered, but they started to exceed the existing tax scale from 2005 due to the revitalization of the stock market.
At the previous day's forum, the blue house economic spokesman Jong-won Yun said that we should create a 'country that is good for the people' as well as a 'country that is good for the businesses'.
Although it has a vast land area ranked 9th in the world, this country that has just over 10,000 dollars per capita Gross domestic product(GDP) was never attractive.
It was the first actual unified nation on the Korean peninsula, had fewer gender discrimination, was an international society where Western merchants crossed, and was a pluralistic society that hired foreigners as bureaucrats.
This is because after the Asian Cup participating nations have increased to 24, there was a regulation that allows 1st, 2nd places from the Group, as well as 4 3rd place teams who have a good score, to go to the round of 16.
Because of the regulation that determines the ranking with the number of cards in case of the same points, goal difference, and away goals, Vietnam has won the ticket to the round of 16.
The Arko Performance Training Center is a space that cultivates the cultural sensitivity of local residents and connects culture and art activities with social value to local communities.
The Daegu Dalseong-gun parliament decided not to attend the Vietnam overseas training, which was previously scheduled for 8 days starting the 11th of next month, and the Geyongbuk Bonghwa-gun parliament also canceled the overseas training to Vietnam that was scheduled for 7 days 5 nights.
The chairman of the Gyeongbuk city council, who had conducted overseas training in Vietnam despite criticisms, returned back to the country early, cancelling all the plans.
The Asian Cup Group match has ended with the 3rd match of Group E, where North Korea defeated to Labanon by 1 to 4 at the Sharjah Stadium in United Arab Emirates(UAE).
On the morning of the 18th, when the morning temperatures dropped below minus 12 degrees Celsius, tourists are looking for the Hwacheon Sancheonjae Festival in the Hwacheon area of ​​Hwacheon, Kangwon Province.
The Gwangju Regional Headquarters of the Korean Federation of Trade Unions explained that although the delegation of all powers was done last year during the negotiation process, they have processed the delegation once again before the resumption of the negotiations, because last year's settlement was cancelled.
Park, who will serve as a bridge with the local labor union, will be the secretary of Lee Mayor for the overall creation of labor-management-type jobs such as Gwangju-type jobs.
In this day's luncheon meeting with local businessmen, the Vice Chairman of Hyundai Motors Eui-seon Jeong, who is the said person to raise the Gwangju-type job negotiation, the Vice Charman of SK Gas Chang-won Choi, a female Representative Director of Field Tulf Seungmok Pil-hui Lee, the Daeo Vision Representative Sun-mi Kwon, and a young entrepreneur Representative of A Tech Jeong-wan Kim participated.
Earlier, President Moon expressed his strong will for the Gwangju-type job at the New Year's press conference held at the Blue House guesthouse on the 10th of last month.
The Korean Confederation of Trade Unions is still reluctant to accept the 5-year grace clause of the agreement, that dragged the negotiation down last year.
The Korean Confederation of Trade Unions say that if the agreement is suspended for five years in accordance with Hyundai Motor's demand, the wage may be freezed for five years and it also may be difficult to establish labor unions.
In response, Hyundai Motor refused to sign a grace clause, by saying that it needs to be included in order to stabilize the initial management safety.
Accordingly, Yeon-gyun Shin, Chuncheon city's director of construction, visited the Wonju National Territory Administration on the 16th to communicate the position of Chuncheon City regarding the construction of the 2nd Kyungchun National Highway and requested cooperation.
The details of the contract are unknown, but it is said that the contract that allows him to receive 800,000 dollars(about 900 million won) when promoted in the major league.
In the video, Gah-hui Kim, who acted the dark side of teenagers in last year's movie Park Hwa-young, and parents who are raising teenage children participate as panels to discuss issues that may arise between their a parent and a child.
On the 17th(local time), Russian President Vladimir Putin(left), who visited Serbia, is shaking hands with Serbian President Aleksandar Vucic after finishing the joint press conference.
On the 17th of last month, the Jeju Provincial Court issued a ruling of dismissal of a public prosecutor's case on April 17, and admitted that a military trial was committed illegally 70 years ago.
Newsis have reported that FC Barcelona, from Spain's Professional Soccer Primera Liga, has been reported on a violation of the rules at the Copa del Rey(King's Cup).
Phil Mickelson(USA) gained the lead on the first day of the Professional Golfers Association of America(PGA)'s Tour Desert Classic(prize money of 6.9 million dollars), the first New Year's game in the United States.
About this, specialists in urdan development points out that housing site development method of LH does not only increase the financial burden of local authorities but also causes conflicts and opposition between private and public. 
As the blueprint of LH development plan of Goyang-si City, Wonheung area, where it has been known as a most suitable place for the 3rd new town announced by the government last September, has been leaked out, people have loudly voiced that LH only increases the confusion in a property market. 
On 12th, City of Incheon announced that on coming 26th, upon the time of closing landfill which is about 1.03 million㎡ in 3-1 capital area, through a four-party discussion among Ministry of Environment and 3 cities/provinces in a capital territory, it will end the usage of existing landfill site in 2025. 
Those who can apply are small business owners, who have joined either KT telephone or Internet, with annual revenues under 5 billion won who either couldn't get orders by phone or had problems with card payment due to service disruption caused by fire in cable tunnel in KT Ahyeon branch on last 24th.  
Hellas Verona won against Benevento by the score of 1 to 0 in 2018-2019 Italy Serie B 15-round which was held in Stadio Ciro Vigorito located in Benevento, Italy on 10th(Korean time). 
The coach Fabio Grosso who has just become a coach before a new season had to quickly build his own team, and in this process, Seung-woo Lee had been negelected. 
It was because the team only stayed with a record of 1 win, 2 tie, and 4 loss in previous 7 games before this day's victory, Grosso was at the center of external criticism being boycotted by supporters within the team.  
The starting lineup for this game against Benevento seemed like the coach Grosso who was about to be reshuffled organized it carefully including Seung-woo Lee, being aware of the criticism. 
The president of Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, previously had asked the Houses of Congress for the approval of extending martial law in order to extend it for one more year about Mindanao Island located in southern part of Phillipines. 
It is a step to prevent a massive anti-government demonstration which is copying 'Yello Vests Movement' in France, facing the 8th anniversary of 'Arab Spring', a pro-democracy protest of the Middle East and North Africa in a week from now. 
It is an electrical heating element in a shape of sheet made with printed electronic techonlogy which prints electronic ink in the film by PARU Co., Ltd, and it is displayed on the official online mall. 
Dispute over Chelsea Football Club in English Premier League is spreading out since it has prohibited 4 fans from entering the stadium related to racial discrimination.
On last 3rd, in the game between Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur, the racial discrimination issue had occurred since Tottenham fans threw a banana peel towards Pierre Aubameyang who was born in Gabon.
The Daily Mail of the United Kingdom introduced the stance of Colin Wing who has been known as one of four people being banned from admittance. 
Jeonsu-si City from Jeonbuk and Seongnam-si City from Gyeonggi·Cheongju-si City from Chungbuk are raising their voices against the amendment of Local Autonomy Law by the government who is trying to designate 'legally specialized city' based on the number of population. 
Seognam-si City and its city council claimed that since Seongnam has lots of hightech companies gathered around like Pangyo Techno Valley and Seongnam Hightech Valley, its administrative demand almost reaches near 1.4 million considering a floating population commuting from near cities, and its budget scale also exceeds over 3 trillion won for the first time in the lower level local government that it has a higher possibility to be chosen as a legally specialized city.
These 3 cities have supported and participated in 'Forum on Proposal of Designating Metropolitan Specialized City for Reinforcement of Autonomous Decentralization' held in National Assembly on last 4th.
Ministry of Public Administration and Security has previuosly pre-announced the legislation of revision on Local Government Act related to designating big cities over a 1 million population as legally specialized city on last 13th.
By the current population of 1 million people, 3 places in Gyeonggi-do Province like Suwon/Goyang/Yongin and Changwon-si City from Gyeongnam will all become a legally specialized city.
Unlike Manchester United who is already set to advance to the next game, scoring 10 winning points, Valencia failed it by only scoring the half point of 5.
It depends on the coach Marcelino Garcia Toral's choice whether he would use the game which is after already being failed to advance as an experiential field for young prospects. 
In recent 3 games, it has been fallen into a swamp of no win by playing against Juventus, Real Madrid, and Sevilla so it has to make a chance to rebound.
If Young Boys drags Juventus down by getting even 1 winning point against it, following the rules of Champions League which prioritizes the winner, it can place the 1st place in the group league even if it scores the same with Juventus. 
If Pogba joins a starting line-up, it is more possible to use a 4-3-3 formation which has a change in system instead of using a 4-2-3-1 formation in which it achieved a great victory in the match against Fulham with a score of 4 to 1 in English Premier League on last 9th.
On 12th(Korean time), Oklahoma City(OKC) Thunder, who is currently recording a score of 17win and 8 lose (winning rate of 0.680), has become at the 1st place, beating Golden State Warriors who is currently making a record of 19 win and 9 lose(winning rate of 0.679) by a close call. 
It had been a rising topic which three players just played together in the same game, and there were many hasty assessments that OKC could make a sensational win against the strongest Golden State in the West. 
Anthony had spent the worst season in his life, and Westbrook who has been praised as the best all-round player had been critized on his selfish play. 
In this year's season, George is establishing the best score of his life in almost all parts, scoring average score(24.3 points), rebound(7.8), assist(4.3), steal(2.2), and block(0.8) per game. 
Export of Incheon is finally expected to pass 40 billion dollars for the first time in history, being only one who is making a export growth for 6 consecutive years throughout all metropolitan cities since 2013. 
City of Incheon(Mayor Nam Chun Park) has overcome a hardship even with international trade dispute, wave of protective trade policy throuout the year, and it also held an event of 2018 Trade Day of Incheon with intra-export companies and men of export merit who are the heroine of export growth of Incheon, at Songdo Orakai Hotel on 13th in association with Korea International Trade Association.
In this event, 150 people participated along with Yong Bum Lee the president of City Council, Sang Bum Lee the director of Job Loss Recovery, Council for Incheon Business as well as the head of Intra-Competent Authority, and parties of prize winning companies.  
The top prize winning companies of Incheon export this year are 80 companies including BH Corporation which creates printed circuit board of digital industry component with 400 million dollars and Kortec Corporation which creates data display apparatus with 300 million dollars.  
Among 17 cities/provinces, along with Chungcheongbuk-do Province, exports of Incheon only maintains a steady growth over the past 6 years with export result of 338 billion dollars as of October that it will be expected to easily reach 400 billion dollars this year. 
If Shin couple doesn't enter the country voluntarily as citizens of New Zealand, it is inevitable to process request for criminal extradition for locating whereabouts.
World of Warcraft: after publishing Battle for Azeroth, it officialy applied 'Tides of Vengeance' as the first massive contents update. 
In addition, Laid 'Battle of Dazar'alor' will begin in next January 24, which Horde and Alliance each start at a different time.   
Mr. Choi, the previuos superintendent of education, who has admitted all the charges including bribery in the trial, left the place with getting no questions from reporters.
An unidentified man has noticed burning himself to death in front of a broadcasting company in Beomeo-dong, Suseong-gu Borough, Daegu on 13th that police department started to investigate it.
Chungbuk Aviation/Tourism Inhabitants Promotion Committee' which is composed of 50 people with experts in aviation as well as distribution/traffic area and people from private social organizations has been established on 13th.
The promotion committee will construct the infrastructure of Cheongju International Airport as well as insist establishment of government policy for improvements and balanced development in regions of aviation/tourism industry, and will also seek for conditions to attract tourists and ways to revitalize it. 
This airline has included ways to solve the problems of excessive competition agasint other airlines along with lack of capacity at Cheongju Airport in its plan.
Snow tire has a lot of grooves, and compared to general tire, it doesn't have a big difference in driving on an icy road, but before it starts to snow and becomes icy, it is still able to run with a great braking power. 
B-member of Suncheon-si City council is being suspected of violating electioneering acts by visiting around 10 local polling places other than his own place and shaking hands with scrutineers. 
C-member of Suncheon-si City council is being suspected of providing money and voluable all worth of 400 thousand won by sending a garland worth of 100 thousand won once to his social gathering and sending donation of 100 thousand won three times more.
D-member of Suncheon-si City council is suspected of sending illegal text messages to his local residents several times appealing for his stance and not reporting it to the Central Election Management Committee from last March.
After Starbucks has accomplished a great success through 'Siren Order' which makes it possible to order and pay simultaneoulsy through smart phone application, it seems like e-commers (EC) companies being competitive with simple payment system has stimulated the general industry.
In this season of V League, there are many games of 'Inverse Sweep' (Winning 3 games consecutively after losing 2 previous games first) occurred a lot. 
In 1997, being curious of the service provided by Daegu Society for Rehabilitation of the Disabled, Mr. Shin went to repair his wheelchair, and he rather showed his skills that he became a volunteer to repair. 
After making a debut at Senior Stage, Asada Mao more frequently succeeded in doing a triple axel which is her ace, and her operatinoal ability also has become better. 
The city and its council have secured transparency about candidates for city affiliated enterprises and the head of city funded body from the last October, and has also operated a conference of pratical affairs with a system of personnel hearing in order to verify the management ability.
By the mayor requesting for personnel hearing and city council organizing a special committee for confirmation hearing, abilities and qualification of candidate for head of organization are verified through question and answer.   
It has caused a controversy since many close associates of the major have taken the position during the process of changing heads of an organization among city affliated enterprises (public corporation/industrial corporation/government funded body). 
These people oppose to overall restoration of the stadium since it does not only cost hundreds of billions of won to demolish it but also creates a secondary environmental damage as well.
Hereby Korean Air has kept the 1st place with a score of 12 win and 4 lose and 36 winning points having 4 more points than Hyundai Capital whose score is same with 12 win and 4 lose.  
Hyundai Capital, who has been winning 6 consecutive games recently, took the set score by 25 to 16 with having a steady offense in the 1st set and taking advantage of Korean Air's making mistakes. 
On this day, Ji Seok Jung scored 6 blocks, 3 rear attacks, and 2 serve aces, and led the team into victory, showing the best performance from both sides in offense and defense.
Augustine lived with being restrained by passions and ambitions for success for a while, and Matthew and Zaccheus were also bound by earthly desires and ambitions for success as well. 
The motions and faces which players show their fans when they score a point or win in the game make them excited and heighten the atmosphere. 
Eunjung Kim (Gyeongbuk Sports Council), the leader of Women's Curling Representative 'Team Kim' at Pyeongchang Winter Olympic Games, received all of love from the nation with her restrained salute.
Jae Won Oh from Doosan Bears in professinoal baseball had established a foothold for winning a losing game by coming out as a pinch-hitter in the first half of the 9th inning at 2015 Premier 12 Semifinal between Korea and Japan.
Jae Won Oh gained popularity from fans of Doosan Bears showing a big reaction at the league match, but it was a subject of jealousy from fans of other teams.
Dong-Won Ji (Augsburg) showed a ceremony of jumping up for joy in the air after scoring his first goal of the season in the match against Mainz in German Bundesliga in last September. 
Xherdan Shaqiri (Liverpool) who is a Albanian Swiss player, showed a ceremony of 'double-headed eagle' after scoring a goal in the match against Serbia for the Russia World Cup. 
Double-headed eagle is in a shape of the Albanian flag, and due to that fact, Shaqiri's ceremony has been criticized as a political message supporting Kosovo (most of them are Albanians) who is currently in dispute with Serbia.
The manual for dealing with costomers has been arranged like playing some music during the service and not speaking to customers unnecessarily. 
In the morning, it will be 1 to 3 degrees higher than the average temperature with an effect of southwest wind or west wind, but in the daytime, there will be snow or rain that temperature will be 1 to 3 degress lower than the average. 
As illegal acts of inspectors have been identified earlier, it contains a strong will to prevent the possession of such acts in advance by reinforcing internal check system and management supervision as well.
According to Newsis, Seo Jeong Yoo has placed her name on the 1st place by receiving the average point of 13.962 throughout both 1st/2nd round at Women's Vault Final of 'Mikhail Bronwyn Cup 2018' which is International Federation of Gymnastics(FIG) international tournament held in Moscow, Russia. 
After award ceremony, Ui Joon Yeom representative of XO Games, Soo Min Kim representative of Snow Games, Sung Moo Huh representative of Red Sugar, and Mi Ok Lee representative of Story Maker participated in a panel talk and shared stories of industry about difficulties in development process and way of overcoming.
It was because the negotiation of estalishing a car-finishing factory in Gwangju in which Hyundai Motor participated as major stockholder was fallen apart right before reaching an agreement, and even investment attraction for Chinese Joylong Automobile was in fact foundered. 
Gwangju-si City, which marked with a side dot in inviting factory of green car that has a way of power driven like an electric motor, uttered yells of delight after making an investment attraction with Chinese Joylong Automobile in last March, 2016.
Joylong Automobile has established its Korean Cooperation, and has been taking steps to produce electric motor vehicles with a clear mark of 'Made In Korea' through obtaining certification from Automobile Safety Institute of Korea Transportation Safety Authority under the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, and Transport.   
Joylong Automobile has been dawdling in making actual investment for over 2 years, and this year it has changed its stance to being antinomy like making a contract of selling electric motors on consignment basis with a company in Daegu.
Taking the opportunity of Hyundai Motor's submitting its investment letter of intention in last June, the city has started an investment agreement for a car-finishing factory in Gwangju and establishment of joint venture for 6 months. 
Yong Sup Lee, the major of Gwangju, has a stance of acting as a head of negotiation himself with a posture of 'cutting the Gordian knot', but Hyundai Motor just remains a mere spectator. 
The city and Hyundai Motor have agreed on most of main issues like 'starting annual salary of 35 million won, average working hours per week 44 hours', but they have been fettered by wage negotiation that the whole negotiation became all useless.
Hyudai Motor is very worried that if it isn't satified, it will make another representative militant union of 'Hyundai/Kia Motor Union II'.
'Air cleaner of removing fine dust' from this company sends the current situation of air cleaner being activated in the classroom with fine dust to parents' smartphones in real time which is its unique way of disclosing information. 
This product doesn't only have a strength of lowering noise level under 44dB while the noise standard requested by the school is under 55dB, but it also overpowers other brands in terms of capacity of air purification by using a high efficiency filter (MERV 17grade) which has collection efficiency of more than 99.97% with using HEPA filter.
By colleting the results from 1st, 2nd evaluation earlier, there are 2 people for the final approved refugess, 412 people for humanitarian permission to stay, 56 people for simple disapproval, and 14 people for ending authority.
Along with oreum volcanic cone/beach/forest of which pure Jeju is proud, it will also promote a product of a romantic wedding photo which can be only taken in Jeju by using various flower contents that customers from Hong Kong prefer.
Visitors can experience the outstanding wedding makeup of Korea, and they can also take a picture while wearing dresses themselves.
Consumer Agency has compared the selling price of main domestic open markets (online shopping malls) and the lowest price of U.S. Amazon/eBay on 18 products over two times from 9th to 11th and from 23rd to 25th in last September.
Jeju-do Island announced on 13th that it will develop the housing site of about 10.1 to 14.4㎢ in the area of Jeju-si City and east side of Seogwipo-si City along with downtown area and nearby area with high accessibility throughout 10 years.  
Comprehensive plan for residence has included expansion of supply in public rental housing, customized affordance of housing for each stage of lifetime, and improvement of house environment as its main contents.  
Since analysis of the owner is based on number of chickens being sold and sales calculated by computer, it can be seen as highly reliable.
If it were to be broadcasted in a certain form of flatform, then existing cable TV or public TV broadcasting company won't be able to braodcast. 
One thought that after he/she put histories of players together well while making the game more entertaining, when re-mastered version came out, he/she would do the same.  
Near the place where the remains were founded, there were also tools for making fabric and spoons founded which were also considered as being made of human's bones. 
British TV Channel BBC reported on 14th that the statue of Mahatma Gandhi who is a father of India's independence has been pulled down at University of Ghana which is located in Accra, the capital of Ghana, Africa. 
Netizens who have seen the video have been leaving comments such as 'It is really similar to voices of actors', 'It has been the best from the ones I've seen recently', 'I don't know how many times I watched it', and 'I thought it was a lip sync', showing explosive responses.
In advance, SK has renewed a contract with Angel Sanchez(29) in total of 120 thounsand dollars which include annual salary of 950 thousand dollars and option of 25 thousand dollars. 
Executive and staff members of Alpensia delivered briquettes of love to 4 households who are all near poverty groups and beneficiary of national basic living in Daegwallyeong-myeon, each receiving 500 briquetts adding up to 2000 in total.  
Cement manufacturer and the city are both having a cake and eating it while cement manufacturer uses coal briquette ashes which have elements of clayey as base material for cement and the city secures the place for landfill.
It has been pointed out that people just looked on child abuse since they bursted into laughter while looking at a young girl who seemed like hardly having a time even to breathe.
The opinion which the priest hit heads of girls during baptism has been raised, but the church and the mother of the child insisted that it isn't true. 
Earlier, Mr. Kim died by getting jammed in a conveyor belt of transporting coals while inspecting transport facilities in 9th/10th one at Korean Western Power Taean Thermal Power Plant at daybreak of last 11th. 
After making a favorable situation by having a tie with a score of 2 to 2 in the 1st away match of the final, Vietnam won at home with a score of 1 to 0. 
Debate has been processed in the order of experts' presentation on finance along with subjects of futurnity/contents, buzz session, mutal debate, 2nd survey, and presenting certificates. 
In the previous season, Segunda División B(3rd devision) ended up in placing 8th, but as of this season, it has been acknowledged by leading the team into fighting well. 
Recently, those who are making a meteoric rise in current system of Solari being a center are including Marcos Llorente, Vinicius Junior, Javi Sánchez, and Federico Valverde. 
The reason why the performance of Llorente stands out is because even if he is a defensive midfielder, he is outstanding in contributing himself to offense along with his basic mission of zone defense as well. 
By virtue of Llorente's pressure, the speed of opposing teams against Real Madrid had to be slowed down, and due to that, four back defenders had enough space to come back that they could reorganize their line quickly.
Francisco Gento, as a great-grandfather, is currently being a honorary president of the club, but is also a legend who has held the European Cup which is the entire body of European Champions League as many as 6 times. 
The coach Solari, who prefers a forthright and speedy offense, has been having more trust in Vazques rather than Isco and Asensio.
They haven't shown an impressive performances yet, but the coach Solari is giving them experiences and time to improve more.
According to Seol Milk Cooperative, since it contains Vitamin A, Vitamin D3, Calcium, and Ion which are all essential elements for growing children, it has both taste and nutrition at the same time. 
Mr. Kim, a young man with age of twenty four, has taken a photo with holding a sign by participating in a campaign for enhancing working conditions of temporary employess on last 1st. 
Transforming Melting Serum, which is from a brand new product record line, is a high-enriched serum in an unique shape with outstanding moisture and antiaging effect of sticky flexibility by changing a high-enriched texture with strong active ingredients into the 2nd stage texture of jam-oil.
Independent patent technology NIA-114™ of StirVectin delivers active ingredients of peptide which is a strong ingredient to reinforce flexibility along with garlic acid, into deep inside of the skin that it makes possible to experience a strong improved lifting as well as sparkling flexibility. 
Hyun Soo Kim(30), who has returned to country from the Major League, has not transferred to his original of Doosan Bears but to LG Twins with a four-year contract and total annual salary of 11.5 billion won. 
At this time, Doosan has nominated Jae Yu Yu(21) who was only person out of 20 protected players with a salary of 1.5 billion won which is 200% of 750 million won, a salary of Hyun Soo Kim before he left to the Major League.
Both institutions will profice a safe environment to disabled people through providing a small scale residential home for disabled people, and will also take the initiative in making an environment in which the disabled can live together with local residents of community. 
Per 1 household, only one hydrogen powered car can be requested, and after purchasing a car, it is obliged to drive the car for at least 2 years. 
The city is recruiting applicants through sales center of Hyundai Motor Company, and it will finally determine the winners by drawing lots openly in a seminar room of Daejeon Metropolitan City Hall at 2 p.m. on next January 7.
In application which can be used easily and comfortabily, there is a function of AR (changing facial shape and icon of face recognition) that it is possible to shoot a funny image and also print it out as well. 
On last 16th around 10:38 p.m., there had been a fire at a pet dog farm in Yeongdong-eup, Yeongdong-gun, Chungbuk that the vinyl greenhouse stable was burning. 
Cocaine which had been exposed this time is the amount to be used by 2 million people at the same time that it is the biggest scale of being exposed in transshipment cargo throughout the history from opening a port of Busan.
Busan District of Customs has been received information from the customs of Mexico and has been tracing a container ship of 100 thousand ton, which left from Ecuador and entering a Busan port in order to go to Tianjin, China by going through Mexico, for about 20 days, and finally exposed cocaine. 
Cocaine was divided into 2 black bags hidden among a copper stack (copper clipping) of 22t which could be reusable. 
The city is looking forward to the improvement on accessibility towards downtown of Daejeon like Daejeon station/Dunsan from Daejeon's suburban areas like Sintanjin/Gyeryong if the metrorail in Chungcheong region has been completed. 
The city has reported that after compeleting preparation for designating special district by collaborating with Pohang Techno Park, Gyeongsangbuk-do Province, it has sumitted a letter of request on designation for 'PohangAI/Bio Big Research and Devlopment Specialized Area' for the fisrt time in the whole country.  
The city designated POSTEC, which is a research-focused university/professional organization for commercializing technology, and Research Institute of Industrial Science and Technology as core institutions of technology, and also designated Pohang Techno Park in which technology industrialization and production facility can move in within the 3km boundary from core institutions of technology, and Pohang Fusion Tech District as the rear space.
Construction business of Uljin Memorial County Park will plan to construct cremation facilities with a size of 4th scale on a site of about 180,000㎡, enshrinement facilities which can enshrine 6000 bone ashes, field with a size of 8900th scale, and shrub with a size of 6200th scale, with a total expenses of 22.8 billion won.
After Shinhan Card analyzed the change of mentioning keyword related to 'home', in this year, until the end of October, 'home training (at-home workout)' has been increased 213% more compared to that of last year. 
After a joint search with related agencies, Maritime Police finally found a part of Mr. Kim's belongings at the nearby shore of Sogeunjin harbor, Taean-gun District at around 5 p.m. on 15th. 
Jacqueline followed her fatehr without slighest hesitation since she had a thought of being able to have a toy in America and to earn money to send her home.
After 5 days of leaving, these people finally arrived at security post of border patrol at around 10 p.m. on 6th and applied for asylum.
Jacqueline fought desperatily after having a heart attack temporarily and recovering by receiving an emergency measure, but she couldn't go over 24 hours that she died on 8th. 
Since the strength of DB has been weakened by the fact that Kyung Min Doo who showed great performance in the last season joined the army and Deonte Burton joined National Basketball Association(NBA), it is seeking for the reversal, fighting well with a score of 5win, 5tie after recruiting Williams.  
Under the agreement, Daejeon-si City will be in charge of administrative/financial support, and Chungnam National University Hospital will be taking care of contructing Public Children Rehabilitation Hospital along with selecting/purchasing medical device, and consingment operation after it has been contructed completely.
The core in the 1st step of business, in which the budget of 30.7 billion won has been put, is contructing a hospital with layers of 2 basement levels and 4 ground levels along with a size of 60 beds(9256㎡) at 567-10 Gwanjeo-dong, Seo-gu District, Daejeon.
Through this business, the city is expected for disabled children with a number of 6000 in Chungnam area to receive a comprehensive service of rehabilitation treatment, formal education, and care services all within the hospital.
Drawing up a budget attracts attention that there will be 3 billion won for establishing library for children and young adults in Seongbok-dong, 20 billion won for establishing library in Pungdeokcheon/Dongcheon-dong as well as 14 billion won for preparing learning materials, 15 billion won for supporting curriculum for each school, and 1 million won for school orientation.
The wife, Sang-Ah Choi deaconess, has already known about her husband's such passion and devotion that she is sure he will definitely bring out the good results. 
While seeking for such balance at the same time, it has been regulated in constituion that the president would be chosen from demonination of Christianity, prime minster from Sunni, and chairman of National Assembly from Shi'ah in order to check each one's power.  
In this upcoming 2010, the city will install the support team of changing deinstitutionalization within Incheon Foundation which is newly promoted, and will also establish a tentave name of support center of changing deinstitutionalization as well.
Hyun-jin Ryu, who has become a free agent(FA) after successfully ending the season with having a 2nd place at the World Series, has accepted qualifying offer from Dodgers that he will remain in the team for the next season as well.
This year's winners are total 7 people, being selected as 2 people for elementary education, 2 people for secondary education, 2 people for educational administration, and 1 person for lifelong education and meritoriousness on educational development. 
This year's leadership awards have been given to the coach Hakbeom Kim(58) who has won men's gold medal in Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games and to the coach Young Sil Yoo(43) who has led Daeduk University into winning the Women's Soccer Championship.
The city will do administrative guidance for the 1st violation for 30 days considering the period of low-pollution action, but after that, it will charge a fine on every violation. 
Ce& is a fashion brand launched in May, 2017 through CJ ENM Oshopping part's collaborating with designer Taeyong Ko, and it has been mainly releasing sensuous casual style products, depicting the trend of culture and arts on the design of clothes.  
The city concluded an agreement with Pohang-si City Volunteer Center, Foundation on last September 14, and by receving a fund of 1 million won for reparing love houses, it processed environment improvement construction on 9 low income households and 6 senior citizen centers who were having a hard time to recover from earthquake damage.
This year's leadership awards have been given to the coach Hakbeom Kim(58) who has won the gold medal of men's representatives in the Asian Games and to the coach Young Sil Yoo(43) who has led Daeduk University into winning the Women's Soccer Championship.
In Biando Island of Okdo-myeon Township, Gunsan-si City, Jeonbuk Province, where people had to be on a dangerous trip since passenger liner had been terminated, there will be another ship operated after 10 years. 
Jeonbuk Province announced on 18th that it will start operating a passenger ship which connects Seamangeum loading dock with Gunsan Biando Island/Durido Island in next August.
While the Anti-Curruption & Civil Rights Commission and local government/shipowners/residents have attended in the council chamber of Buan County Office, Jeonbuk Province added that it held 'Field Adjustment Committee for Solving Civil Petition of Gunsan Biando Island Ferry Service Operation Request' and reached such an agreement. 
In order to provide a safe marine transportation to residents in island, Jeonbuk Province is planning to pay 2 million won of 5 million won of ferry construction fee with province's budget first, and will operate a ship in the second half of next year.
As passengers of the liner had rapidly decreased, passenger-ship company who was running a ship going through Gunsan-Seonyudo Island-Biando Island had been only running a ship until Seonyudo Island, and in 2014 it finally closed the sea route of Biando Island as well.
As safety concern issues have been raised since 2 residents had died of a sinking smack accident, it has been constantly requested to establish a new sea route which connects with a loading dock.
Jeonbuk Province along with the Anti-Corruption & Civil Rights Commission, Gunsan Maritime Police Station, Gunsan-si City, and local residetns have held a meeting for about 40 times and repeated several adjustments that they have finally reached a such result on this day.
A company from China was supplying a massive coal gas equipment which can produce synthesis gas of 40,000㎥ per hour to a manufacturing area in norhtern part of Pyongyang in last July.
During the last 10 years, busted cocaine was largest with the amount of 10.94kg in 2016, and in succession, 8.87kg in 2008, 2.15kg in 2011, and 1.21kg in 2013 subsuquently.
The Korean Newspapers Association held an urgent meeting of chairmen on 17th, and related to legislated decision on 'Part of Revised Broadingcasting Act Enforcement Ordinance' which is about instituting advertisement in the middle of terrestrial broadcasting by KCC, it announced 'Public Questionnaire toward Chairman of KCC, Hyo Sung Lee' which was chosen through getting agreements from all 52 company members.
About the street of 39.8km estalished earlier, Ulleung-gun District will plan to make a road of circumvating island into a safe and nice road through extension which will make it possible to cross between narrow road and tunnel until 2020. 
Yong Sup Lee, the major of Gwangju, came forward by posing himself as a head of negotiation, but mediating with local labor world isn't only easy but the inner part of Hyundai Motor is also compliated with personal matters of executives and reorganization of governance. 
It has been worried that if the negotiation doesn't recommence for a while, the power of negotiation will be weakened and it won't be easy to find solutions of creating more job opportunities through establishing factories in Gwangju within this year. 
There is no accurate statistic about the population of disabled people with both sight and hearing, and the World Health Organization(WHO) has been saying that it happens to 1 person among 10,000 people. 
The race of faith can be completed only if one should realistically judge what becomes the obstacle in the race of faith and take it off drastically.
In order to complete our race, our victorious Lord did not care about embarrassment, and is ㅜnow sitting at the Right Hand of God.
It takes into account that there will be a nuclear facility, which will stop working, coming out annually from 2023 including Gori Unit 1 which already stopped and Wolseong Unit 1 which is about to close down. 
It has been revealed that a shopping center in Cheongju had demolished the a fire door installed at stairs which connects 1st and 2nd floor, and welfare facility for senior and disabled citizens had illegally extended the hallway and fireroom with sandwich panel which is vulnerable to fire and used them for other uses. 
It has been pointed out that despite the fire inspection, considerable number of business still stack up stuffs at emergency exit that there is still no difference from the time of fire occurred in Jecheon.
The class will be proceeded by either a professor in a major field of study like from Pusan National University or outside specialists at lifeong education center of the school, and the curriculum will be specialized on communication, personal relations, common education to improve social interaction, and selective education considering talented area. 
Prime Minister Nak-yon Lee(left side), who visited Tunisia following Algeria, is having a friendly conversation with Tunisian Prime Minister Youssef Chahed at VIP room of Carthage International Airport which is located in Tunis, the capital of Tunisia on 18th(local time).
Prime Minister Lee is visiting 'Maghreb' area of Northwest Africa such as Algeria, Tunisia, and Morocco with a schedule of 6 days, 8 nights.
As Tunisia being a starting place of 'Arab Spring' in 2011, a participant of prime minister's office stated that it is hoping to cooperate with South Korea since Korea is its development model to be an only democratic progressed country in the Middle East.  
Cyclean has received a 'Special Award' in innovative transaction part at 'The 10th 2018 Korea e-Marketing Fair Award Ceremony', which is cosponsored by Ministry of Public Administration and Security and eBay Korea.
According to Korea Food & Drug Administration, the amount of sanitary pad used by a woman for her whole lifetime is about 14,000 that 80.9% of fertile women have been using disposable sanitary pads.  
In case of Nippon Professional Baseball, it is possible to make a bid of posting system even with 1st season, but in KBO League, it is regulated in the rule that it becomes possible after 7th seasons. 
Until now, the team who writes down the highest price for posting has got a sole bargaining right, but from now on, the player who is requesting for posting can negotiate with every team who wants to recruit for 30 days.
If guaranteed contracted price of player is under 25 million dollars, MLB club makes to give 20% of player's guaranteed contracted price to KBO club.
As Ulsan-si City has been chosen in 'Fishing Village New Deal 300 Business' which is promoted by Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, it stated on 19th that it will start 'Business of Constructing Bangeojin Sea Sori-gil Street' throughout the coastal area of Dong-gu Borough, Ulsan-si City from the next year until 2020. 
Fishing Village New Deal 300 Business is a policy to activate marine tourism by modernizing 300 fishing villages/fishing points in the country, make more job opportunities by pulling innovation growth, and improve the quality of fishing village residents' lives. 
Man U's board of directors, who have been watching its terrible game, has taken out a powerful card of changing the coach after having a long meeting in a day. 
In this game, besides a match of each coach's throwing a three-pointer, there will be also plentiful gifts given through various events like sponsoring SKT communication expenses for 5 years and LG V-40 cell phone as well as goods of Nike which are sponsored by Nike Korea for Christmas.
From this day to February 10 in next year, the city will be running a skating rink and sledding slope after peparing amenities like lounge/supply room at the back side of parking lot of Cheongju indoor swimming pool located in Sajik-dong, Seowon-gu Borough. 
As Haye Port of Seogwipo-si City and Hamdeok Port/Biyangdo Port of Jeju-si City have been chosen in 'Fishing Village New Deal 300 Business' of Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries, Jeju-do Island has announed on 19th that it will modernize the essential infastructure of fishing village like a backward dock, and will also begin on integrated development of fishing village/fishing port, reflecting characteristics of the region. 
There will be each 9 billion won and 6.4 billion won invested in Hamdeok Port/Biyangdo Port of Jeju-si City in order to change industrial structure of fishing village, and various business will be also enforced in order to excavate plentiful marine tourism resources of Jeju.
At Hamdeok Port, massive marine tourism belt which connects all through Seowoobong-Hamdeok beach-Hamdeok harbor-town fishery will be constructed, and development project with integrated design for port and infrastructure for tourists' safety will be progressed.
In order to choose the 1st place for 'Fishing Village New Deal 300 Business', starting from doing a demand service in last February, Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries had held a contest in September, and had done a 3 stage evaluation of written evaluation/field evaluation/final evaluation. 
In the evaluation, social/economical specificity, such as propriety of business plan, liner port of a call, finacial independence rate, and employment/industry crisis area, and business condition are all considered comprehensively.
As a research organization had found out that geothermal power generation and earthquakes are closely related to each other based on scientific basis, it will have time to hold someone responsible for concrete damages.
In this afternoon, related with the accident happened at the pension in Gangneung, Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs has announced its plan to promote mandatory installation of carbon dioxite detector in gas facilities like private houses in farming and fishing village and tourism farm. 
Considering desperatley necessary to have cooperation in various kinds of businesses which are being promoted by national organization within the jurisdiction, public enterprise as well as private enterprise in order to increase participation of local business and the amount of order, the city has decided through this discussion to strengthen the communication and cooperation.
Severance Hospital has been already conducting a simple insurance claim service for outpatients from last May, and the service has been expanded to inpatients as well.
It has been getting a lot of attention since it contrasts with business of creating more job opportunities through establishing factories in Gwangju in order to activate regional economy, and it is currently making a very slow progress. 
This MOU includes the content of activating regional economy and creating new job opportunities through transferring production facility of TWIZY. 
TWIZY, with strengths of small size which can go through the narrow road as well as being environment-friendly, will be actually introduced to KOREA POST as eco-friendly delivery equipment. 
Among working areas under the influecne of the city, about 5 parts with a high risk of negligent accident such as construction, driving, cleaning, maintenance, and security, there will be a research on the actual condition first. 
In this year's season, foreign players Murphy Holloway and Giddy Potts have shown a fantastic power of scoring that there is a great synergy effect.
It has been highly rated that even with a controversy in selecting representatives for Asian Games, one has grown up to be an trustful offense by scoring a point in every crucial moment.
Heung-min Son has shown a very active play of making a goal against Germany in Russia World Cup along with making a 100th goal thoughout Europe following Bum-Kun Cha, but he has failed to be awarded for 2 consecutive years. 
One lived alone in Mudeungsan Mountain by building a #오방정# which means 'liberation from five obsessions', those including desire for honor as well as material gain, sexual desire, appetite, and religious self-righteousness.
The city is promoting 4 new businesses by using the budget of 494 million won for installing/running 2 places of short time exeprience home on deinstitutionalization, 26 million won for supporting the cost for independence settlement about the disabled out of deinstitutionalization, and 62 million won for additional support on activity about deinstitutainolization disabled people.   
Central district will be cloudy first and will gradually become sunny in the afternoon, and southern region will be overally cloudy, and there will be some places being rainy occassionally like sounthern coast being rainy until the morning and Jeju-do Island until the evening. 
The day after tomorrow, which is Saturday, will have some clouds occassionallly, but with an effect of trough of low pressure coming from southwest, Jeju-do Island will be mostly cloudy and will have rain from the nighttime.
For each season, in 2013, around the day of disabled people on April 20, 'disability rating system' was mentioned or planned news was treated in depth, but in this year, it has been only written on article when there was a statement on government policy or policy revisement or when the fight of disabled person itself became an issue. 
Schools in Chungnam region has awarded the grand prize in the whole country from 3 parts out of 4 parts which is '2018 Operating Evaluation on Science Education Leading Business'.
In evaluation on creative amalgamation science room model school, Cheonan Dongseong Middle School has been selected as the best school, and in ladder project of teachers and students' accompaniment team, 'Songsan Science Dream' which Mr. Dong Gyu Han from Songsan Middle School has guided, has awarded as the best team that it has received commendation of the Minister of Education. 
As taxi drivers of Daejeon area who were trying to attend a rally of opposing a Kakao car pool had been gathered around Daejeon IC in the morning on 20th, there was an extreme traffic jam occurred.
The police has grasped the point that they were trying to leave to Seoul after getting together, but the departure was delayed because their plan had been somewhat messed up that there happened to have a traffic jam. 
As taxis stopped in front of Daejeon IC, blocking all 5 lines of entrance ramp, the police used 2 lines of opposite side for the entrance, moving cars on both entrance/exit ramp.
As the rate of incease in population of Jeju region has been increasing steeply, it has been investigated that about half of Jeju-do Island residents consider the influx of the poluation following the migration boom as pessimistic. 
'Net migration rate' which divided net population of inflow by polulation of resident regisration of Jeju-do Island, was 2.2% last year that following Sejong-si City(13.3%), it showed the second highest value in the whole country.
Residents of province who stay positive about the incoming population are 31% that they give economic growth(37.8%), securing foundation of steady growth in the region(35.7%), enlarging various human resources(20.4%), and increase of housing and land price(6.2) as their reasons.
According to 'Current State of Internal Migration in September, 2018' presented by National Statistical Office in last October, it is counted that from this January to September, the net incoming population was 8110people which had been 23%(2437people) decreased compared to the same period(10,547people) last year. 
The city has been highly praised on its active administration of construction which include a fair and quick construction consent as well as dealing with housing wages, management status of illegal buildings, and clarifying management of apartment houses. 
Chungwoon University has held the 7th president inauguration ceremony at Chungwoon Hall of university headquarter on 20th while 300 people participated including Joon Ho Lee of boarding president of educational foundation Hyejeon College, Moonpyo Hong of member of the National Assembly, Suk Hwan Kim of governer of Hongcheon-gun District, and current enrolled students.
Woo Jong Lee of new chancellor has received his bacherlor's degree in engineering from Seoul National University and received both his master and doctor's degree in engineering from graduate school of Seoul National University as well, and has filled various positions like vice-president of Gachon University as well as director of Vision Tower construction.
Around 72min in the second half of the game while Tottenham was winning with a score of 2 to 0, there was a water bottle being thrown towards Dele Alli who was hanging around the touchline to prepare for throw-in.
On this day, Tottenham has become to advance to semifinal of Carabao Cup by winning with a score of 2 to 0, made by a goal from Heung-min Son at around 20min in the first half of the game and a goal from Alli at around 59min in the second half of the game as well.
North London derby of Tottenham agasint Arsenal is one of the leading rivaries within England that there have been great and small issues in every match.
In the match of English Premier League(EPL) between Tottenham and Arsenal on last 3rd, when Aubameyang of Arsenal showed his ceremony after scoring an away goal in front of away fans, there was a banana peel being thrown towards him.  
That is to promote dissolution about small severed land(limited development district) under 30,000㎡ which is severed to road/railroad/river open channel in order to have efficient management of city and solve living discomfort of residents. 
Meanwhile, in the first half of next year, Guri-si City will be promoting to lift development restricted area by applying to Gyeonggi-do Province who has an authority to approve lifting development restriced area through listening to opinions of residents and city council on guildines of city management plan. 
After turning off the engine of a school car, if the bell at the very back seat isn't pressed, then the warning alarm will be ringing. 
Paulo Bento, coach of national soccer team, has held a press conference at Lotte Hotel located in Nam-gu Borough, Ulsan-si City on 20th, and has announced the final list for 2019 Asian Cup.
Dong-Won Ji (Augsburg) has been chosen long time after friendly match in September, and there are also players who are playing in Europe such as Chung-Yong Lee(VflBochum), Ja-Cheol Koo(Augsburg), and Hee-Chan Hwang(Hamburger SV) being included as well.
POWERVOICE Coporation is developing a simple payment service through voice confirmation by cooperating with KB Financial Group which belongs to KB Starters.
POWERVOICE Coporation is a company possessing natural language voice recognition technology that it has supplied voice recognition solution into Samsung Electronics or internet of things home network in Hyundai/Kia Motor as well as car navigation as well.  
For the last several years, the crisis of so called as 'large and wide-scale business' industry of shipbuilding, steel, machinery and authomobile which has been playing a role of motive power for Korea's economic growth and development has been continuing. 
In addition to that, it is also a leisure space for citizens with golf court, tennist court, and table tennis room which all can be used only with 3,000 won.
The government had announced earlier that it will expand the domestic new renewable energy of 7%, which is noticeably lower than major advanced country beloging to Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development(OECD), up to 20% until 2030.  
In such a situation, Seonam solar photovoltaic power station which is using the upper part of water purification facility, is presenting a way to go for 'Korean photovoltaic power generation'.
As soon as arrived at the site, what jump to the eyes first are sewage treatment buildings stretching out in a wide area and solar panels installed above them.
Glass and aluminium are products with high added values that the story of country's being full of solar panel waste is all far from the truth.
Paul Pogba uploaded a picture of himself on his SNS on 18th(Korean time) right after Jose Mourinho, the coach of Manchester United(ManU) had been reshuffled.
It has been also reported that besides Pogba, other main players including Alexis Sanchez are also having a dissonance with Mourinho.
Since the style of the coach Mourinho, who emphasizes authority and charisma while calling himself as 'Special One', isn't accompanied by the result of this season, the relationship with players has been degenerated to not being able to recover.
King of golf, Tiger Woods(U.S./43) who has come out of long slump this year, has succeeded in gaining both wealth and honor.
According to 2018 ranking of celebrities possession assets, presented by Forbes of U.S. professional media on economy, Woods placed his name on common 9th with the amount of 800 million dollars(approximately 900.9 billion won).  
Woods who had been known as the truly the best golf player, has not showed good performances due to his back injury.
Woods enjoyed pleasure of receiving the 1st place in 'This Year's Newsmaker' by America golf specialty media gof channel and golf digest.
Flynn was defeated only 24 days after inauguration since it was caught that he contacted with Russian ambassador of United States as a nominee for national security adviser in December, 2016.
Trump has processed a negotiation with a company in Russia about construction proposal of Trump Tower and Hotel of Trump Group, and commercial facility in the heart of Moscow.
Ajou University(president Hyung Joo Park/photo on right) stated on 19th that it has signed a business agreement contract with Korea Productivity Center(KPC) at Yulgok-gwan within the school on last 18th for training talented people in 4th industrial revolution part and strengthening industrial-educational related education. 
Tae Won Choi, president of SK Group is preemptively preparing its future by carrying out the highest investment in construction of semiconductor factory within the industry despite the 'controversy of semiconductor high point').
The leading members of companies such as the president Cho and Jae Won Choi of senior vice president of SK Group, Dae Sik Cho of chairperson of SK Supex pursuit council, Seong Wook Park of ICT chairperson of SK Group, and Seok Hee Lee of president of SK Hynix.
Among this, it is a factory which cost money of 46 trillion won along with M14 which was completed in 2015 as well as M15 and M16 which were both completed in last October.
Here SK Hynix is negotiating with the government to build a new factory by participating in semiconductor cluster in which Yongin in Gyeonggi Province is being mentioned as a potential site. 
Chungnam-do Province held 'Briefing session on 7th popular election Chumgnam marine fishery development for job openings in Chungnam and innovation/accompanied growth' at the big conference room within the provincial government building on 19th. 
In terms of core tasks, there have been suggested as construction of marine bio cluster as well as promotion of marine treatment industry, creation of Waemok marina, contruction of integrated support system for those who return to rural and fishing village, and job creation through modernization of selling place as well as promotion of seafood/processing industry.
Besides there have been also suggested as construction of Garolim Bay national maritime garden, holding '2022 Boryeong Ocean Mud Fair', and ways to vitalize marina and cruise. 
In fact, Fair Trade Commission had prepared exemplary trading standards in which limit of launching new store was 800m for chicken place and 500m for bakery/café, and had all stopped in 2012. 
The reason why the protest didn't feel strong to general citizens and the high proportion of participants were taxi drivers was all because of this.
As a writer of chilren picture book and a priest of Presbyterian Church in U.S., the author didn't only focus on bible story but also used vivid vocabularies which were at children's levels.
In earlier December last year, Uijeongbu District Prosecutors' Office has been chosen as office prioritized on environmental crime since it has distinct characteristic of environment by Seoul water source protection area being located, and the most environmental crimes happens and are being processed, and in addition in last November, it has also founded 'Council for environmental food in northern area of Gyeonggi' in which Uijeongbu District Prosecutors' Office/Ministry of Environment/Gyeonggi-do Province participated.   
Talented players like Antawn Jamison or Jason Richardson have passed through Golden State, but they didn't achieve good results.
Lebron James, the NBA best star, who has advanced to NBA championship game for the last 8 years, joined the team with a contract of 154 million won for 4 years.
James is leading the team with a record of 28points average score, 7.9rebound, and 7assist, and Kuzma, who came up as a new star of Lakers in last season, has grown up more with a record of 18.2points and 5.8rebound that it makes James who chose Lakers more pleased. 
Considering Brandon Ingram, who was an ace in the last season, not being able to play in the game recently, the results seems more oustanding. 
Sacramento, who only ended up with 27win in the last season, is having a winning rate higher than 50% in this season that it is showing a totally different performance. 
Artifical intelligence program 'AARON' which was invented by Harod Cohen, senior writer in England, is working on conversation crossing between conception and abstraction.
If there was no information in advance, the canvas, which seemed like fauvism and abstract expressionism were somewhat combined, could be seen as creative world of a certain artist.
When it comes to announce the recharter with Jared Hoying(29), it will be under condition with total of 1.4 million dollars which include 300,000dollars for down payment, 800,000dollars for annual salary, and 300,000dollars for option.
In last September, KBO board of directors stated that in order to improve high cost contract system of foreign players and induce a fair competition, it will restrict the contract amount of new foreign players to total amount of 1 million dollars including annual salary(including option) as well as down payment, and transfer fee.
Committee has also considered the fact that there is 48.4% of opinions which 'park should be constructed not by private specialized way but by other way' about way to promote private specialized business which has been decided in urban public park committee, as one of reasons to make such decision. 
Suwon-si City progressed a debate in twice on this day by having a round-table debate of child-friendly city along with 'governance Suwon 300people round-table debate'.
If a runner contacts or is trying to contact with a fielder not by a proper slide but by other way with a purpose of interrupting double play, then the runner will get a penalty on interruption.
If a referee judges that player violates the corresponding rule, both runner and hitter get out, and if a runner is already got out, then the out is sentenced to a runner in a defensive team who was trying to play.
Mr. Song and others even managed a Bot program which creates orders automatically in order to maintain the price of bitcoin higher than competitor B.
After lighting ceremony, there will be a public broadcasting stage at a specially prepared stage on Seon Deung Street in which Sura Jung, Jin Kang, Myung So, Walwari, Wanna.B, and Gril Crush will appear.
Jeonnam-do Province stated on 21st that it has secured business expenses of 156 billion won for 484 businesses of 2019 general agricultural and fishing villge development which contain 20 of new/continuing businesses, and those were selected through public contest of Ministry of Agriculture, Food, and Rural Affairs.
For particular business, there is 78.4 billion won for activating rural village center, 18.6 billion won for basic living base, 36.5 billion won for making a town, 21.9 billion won for basic living infrastructure, 2.1 billion won for revitalizing plus business, 400 million won for rural type public housing, and 8.6 billion won for creative project of city and district.
There have been 2 districts of Jeonnam selected for pilot project of rural type public housing which recruited 4 in the whold country that it has become to provide residential spaces as well as welfare facilities to senior citizes of 65 years or more in rural area, young people who returned to farming, and multicultural family.
These outcomes were the results of cooperation among Jeonnam-do Province/city and district/related agencies that settlement environment of farming village will be improved which will improve the quality of life of residents and bring induction effect of new returned farmers.
On 20th the day before at around 6:04 p.m on local road in Pungsan-ri, Hwacheon-eup Town, Hwacheon-gun District, Gangwon-do Province, the accident of Sorento which Mr. Kim was driving hitting the street trees happened. 
LPG pipeline support project, which is a part of business to preserve Ullengdo Island as an island of eco-friendly energy, is now being promoted in earnest that it has been finalized as a 2019 new business of Ministry of Trade, Industry, and Energy with governmnet expenditure.
Main details of agreement are consignment of overall support project tasks, holding a business information session to residents of target area, enforcing ground plan service as well as basic, detail design, supervision of construction, building/measurement examination, and selection of gas supplier as well as operator. 
Due to the loss this day, Dallas who has been making a better result than expected in this season, fell into 4 consecutive losses that it becomes difficult to hold 50% with a record of 15 win and 15 lose.
On this coming 28th to 31st, there is a weekend, especially on 31st, there will be a 2018 Watch-Night bell tolling event that it is expected to have lots of people gathered around at downtown area until the midnight.
In order to enhance the convenience, even if exended operation car arrives at designated stops like 2·28 Memeorial Central Park and Yangyeong-si City, it has to wait until expected departure time and leave.
To be prepared for the Watch-Night bell tolling event, the operation time of both urban railway line 1/2 will be extended until 1:20 a.m. next day by the standard of Banwoldang Station, and the operation time of urban railway line 3 will also be extended (until from 1:32 a.m. to 1:36 a.m.) by the standard of Myeongdeo Station.
The information about extended operation will be asked to Dudeuriso as well as bus operation center and situation room, and traffic condition center, and it can be also found out at city website as well as route guide website. 
The cure program, which has reinterpreted a herb therapy of authotherapy from a monastery which has been called as a pharmacy of the spirit in Switzerland, officially released 'LEG SPA' which is invented for healthy legs of exhausted modern people on December 21st through its official online mall.  
At momorial service, which is held by Jechondong Middle School student council, facing the 1st anniversary of fire at sports center in Jecheon, Chungbuk, teenagers are hoping for a safer country.
Following the declaration, Chungnam labor union/company/private/government should make improvement on long working hours to expand base for job creation, and it should strengthen the collaborative partnership for the balance between life with rest and daily life as well.
Houston Rockets, who is now struggling with a winning rate in early 50% while having ranked 1st place in last NBA western conference, has met a massive unfavorable condition.
Suncheon WootJang Rice Soup Street had been running in a shape of pub at barter market from 1920 of Japanese colonia ara, but from the past 10 years, merchants started to change into rice soup restaurant that it has now become a rice soup street.
Only after crossing the sea upon their lives or applying for asylum coming out from the lodge during the competition, they could play as major leaguers. 
According to agreement, if players, who have more than 6 years of experience and are older than 25, want to go to Major League, then Cuba Baseball Association should allow them without restriction.
For instance, Yasiel Puig, who is a teammate of Hyun-jin Ryu and a representative outfielder of LA Dodgers, is famous for his outstanding motor nerves and entertaining showmanship, but had to go through many crisis until becoming a major leaguer. 
In last 2014, a broker for illegal entry into a country had been arrested for receiving lage amount of money to smuggle Puig into the United States.
Jose Fernandez, who died of boat accident in last 2016, had to take risk of jumping off the boat in order to save his mom while escaping from Cuba with his family.
It has been known that Leonys Martin of Cleveland Indians was forced to give part of his annual salary and bonus while his family was taken hostage in the escape.
In the bill of Shim represensative, if business owners have made worker or practician of business die of industrial safety and health crime, they should compensate '3 times more' than the loss.
The U.S. army stationd in Afghanistan is fighting against Taliban annd Islam State(IS) on the side of Afghan government along with NATO for 17 years after 9/11 terror in 2001.
As issues of shocking international order such as withdrawal of Syria troops/retirement of minister Mattis/reduction of U.S. army stationed in Afghanistan have occurred consecutively, political world of U.S. has fallen into confusion.
Students who particiated in Linton leadership program of Hannam University are doing volunteer works of carrying briquettes at a town in Hoedeok-dong, Daedeok-gu District, Daejon on 21st. 
The city is informing citizens about 'watch' through text messages, air quality information website, mobile Seoul application, and electric display of air pollution, and is providing citizens' behavioral instructions. 
Scientifc treatise which analyzed the effect of press news towards online game has received the grand prize at research paper contest held by Game Culture Forum.
Comedian Young Ja Lee(50) has become the first woman heroin to receive the grand praize at KBS Entertainment Award, beating out other strong nominess such as Dong Yeop Shin, Jae Seok Yu, and Joon Ho Kim.
Young Ja Lee's receiving the grand prize depicts a significant meaning that it has opened a new door of opportunity for women entertainers who have been in a slump.
Young Ja Lee has been nominated as a candidate for the grand prize along with Na Rae Park, Hyun Moo Jeon, and Gu Ra Kim at '2018 MBC Entertainment Award', which will take place on this coming 29th.
It is attracting attention whether Young Ja Lee will receive the grand prize twice for the first time as a women or Na Rae Park will receive the grand price at MBC for the second time after Kyung Rim Park.
JY System Corporation(marine drone for water quality measurement of marine river), Preneu(fixed drone for aerial survey), Hanwha Techwin(distribution shipping drone for delivering goods to insular mountainous region), Pro drone(drone for crop-dusting), and NES&TEC(streamlined drone for fire disaster surveillance with continuous power supply) are parner companies.
In case of sedan, the fact that sales volume of medium-sized cars have been decreased by 12.8% compared to same period of the last year, but sales volume of full-sized cars have been increased by 5.7% is supporting this.
Fine dust which was severe for several days will now show the level between 'Good' and 'Normal' nationwide as atmospheric diffusion gets smooth by strong wind.
It seems like it followed that Si-min Ryu, president of Moo-hyun Roh Foundation, drew a line of saying it is 'all fraud' related to his thema.
LB Semicon has been chosen as a thema because of the fact that the president Bon Cheol Koo who is the largest shareholder and 3rd generation of LG Group, and is also an alumni of economics major at Seoul National University along with chief director Yoo.
It is expected that curating robot 'QI', which was open to public at trial service event, will help to solve communication problems of foreign visitors about our cultural information which has been mentioned as continuous problems through having multi-lingual(Korean, English, Japanese, Chinese) service.
QI', which has been open to public through this trial service, is possible to do automatic driving as well as following function that it is expected to provide 'Docent Service' by playing  a role of a professional guidance robot about our cultures to visitors in various places of the museum.
The city has proposed several times about appropriateness of state support on working expenses of Hyeongsangang River eocological restoration to National Assembly as well as Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, and Transport, Ministry of Environment, Busan Regional Construction and Management Administration, and Daegu Regional Environmental Office based on the result of 'Hyeongsangang River Heavy Metal Scrutiny and River Restoration Master Plan Establishment Service Final Report'. 
This business is to create a habitat of various creations by ecologically restoring damaged or idle/unkept place, and is also to arrange space for ecology relaxation of residents by securing green place.
Yangcheon-gu District announced on 24th that it is changing existing toilets for disabled with family restrooms in 19 public restrooms in order for pregnant woman, elderly and the infirm, and family unit who also need wider restroom to use besides the disabled people as well.
Yangcheon-gu District has decided to perform a exhaustive research about 327 public restrooms which are currently being managed by borough office as well as its affiliated affiliation and to change directional signs in stages.
Total home care beauty brand DPC, which is run by MSCO Corporation(CEO Moon Sung Suh), is releasing 'Rough Pur Chouette', the 3rd collection of shade rouge pur series. 
Director Cho has graduated from Pusanjin High School and majored in geology from Pusan National University, and after entering KIBO in 1989, he served as asset management director, manager of Busan branch, and personnel manager as well.
While director Cho served as a personnel manager, he introduced 'special promotion system' and drew out settlement on wage and collective agreement without negotiation for 2 consecutive years that he showed a great work performance, and is also known as having a strong trust from employees. 
Being aware of this point, the coach Bento also examined each player's physical condition by asking in not only generation of Jakarta but also a lot of impressive players from K League who were training at Ulsan on last 11th.
After receving a call of accident, maritime police moved all 195 passengers to a different ship in only 30 minutes by sending a substitution ship of Songaksan 101(139t) and transported them to Jeju safely.
Maritime police is doing a draining work around the steering room(place to steer manually following the order of wheelhouse) which was flooded place of drawn passenger ship, and is towing Blueray no.1 to Moseulpo Pot, Unjinhang Port.
The United States and Russia, who are having a conflict on intermediate range missile problem, seem to resume nuclear arms rivary from which they have been refrained after the end of cold war.
If both countries don't reach the interface until at the end of February next year which is end time of 60 days time limit, IMF will lose its effectiveness 32 years after being signed.
If negotiators of both countries don't end the trade war until this day, the U.S will increase the tax rate of customs about Chinese imports with amount of 200 billion dollars by from 10% to 25% right away.
In addition, United States Department of Commerce has to determine whether car import will be a threat to its security within February next year.
If the final conclusion comes down to a threat to security, then U.S. will also face a total war against EU since there will be a high rate of tariff on European cars. 
First, the independent special prosecutor Robert Mueller's result of a criminal investigation on suspection of intervention in 2018 Russia presidential election can be revealed next year. 
The president Trump can throw out the 'Twitter Bomb' realated to sensitive diplomatic security issues, saying he would avoid domestic political crisis.
In addition, it is chosen as the worst scenario that after the 2nd summit between U.S. and North Korea breaks down, military tension happens again. 
There were various performances prepared like yodeling celebrating performance, and there were also woodstoves and roasted sweet potatoes prepared in order to melt away the cold of tourists.
On online community, there are many instances coming up such as taxi drivers' forcing to delete Kakao taxi application or asking for more money with a strike as a weapon.
On the last weekend when soccer fans were excited about charity football and homecoming of Hang Seo Park, the coach of Vietnam national soccer team, the name of one of the main news being on the baseball section of a portal site was 'Urging on Resignation of Un Chang Chung KBO(Korea Baseball Organization) President.
As agreed holiday benefit/time are being removed from minimim wages calculation, even if they are not paid, it isn't violating Minimim Wages Act nor delay in payment of wages.
It should be a shocking news if world's leading automobile company was already being aware of vehicle defects which are directly connected to driver's safety and didn't take appropriate measures. 
Channal A reported that the former president, Jin Ho Yang, made a doll using employees' nail and toenail, hair, and blood, and buried it in the ground to perform ancestral rite. 
Channel A reported that the former presidet, Jin Ho Yang, called out his employees to find gold bars buried in time of Japanese colonia era under the name of 'Gold Bar Project'.
Realization of actual gender equality as well as strengthening public childcare, and materialization of fair welfare without discrmination through supporting single parent family are the main goals.
The original plan was to find talend prospects by expanding the soccer base and make them to advance to varsity team which simultaneously making children running with Seoul emblem on their chest and their parents as loyal supporters. 
According to their opinion, the fact that private soccer academy which is run by them is now at the crossroad of existence due to club's youth policy is a violation of local business. 
Job creation for physical directors and problems of retired players' declining years are not only problems of soccer but are also long-cherished business in the world of every sports.
If it is pretended that Heung-Min Son and Seung-Woo Lee came back to the country after marking the end of their career and started a soccer class in Seoul, it can be known more clearly. 
In reality, soccer businesses, like Bum-Kun Cha soccer class and Myung-Bo Hong soccer class which retired star players started, have succeeded easily even though they didn't actually participate in the training course.
At this place with sufficient infastructure, it has to be responsible for massive youth system which is cultivated by itself until the very end and has to find a way to coexist.
In the current system in which only career of leaders of soccer institute is important, it is only possible to learn soccer which moves sytemetically and is obssessed with results.
The British media Daily Mail revealed a photo of koala who is wantering among group of seabird at the beach in Portland, Victoria, Australia.
Seogwipo Agricultural Technology Center of Jeju-do Island Institute of Agricultural Technology stated on 25th that it invented a heating system which contributes to fulfilling 'Jeju Island without carbon' and also decreases operating costs for farm that it carried out test operation to madarin vinyl greenhouse from January 14 to April 30 last year.
In Jeju-do Island, from the middle of 1980, it has been using salty underground water as culture water of fish farm with land based seawater, but the research result of industrially utilizing the heat of salty underground water which was emitted to ocean after being used in fish farm is very limited.
The system plan is composed of methods in which it uses sea water pump after installing 100L tank for storing salty underground water at near sushi restaurant and precipitating sludge and sand and filtering them, and it also discharges salty underground water to the ocean which is discharged after being supplied to 3 heat pumps and heating them at plastic film-house.
On last 24th, at U.S. New York Mercantile Exchange(NYMEX), West Texas Intermidiate(WTI) for February delivery was ended with 43.53 dollars a barrel plunged by 3.06 dollars(6.71%) compared to yesterday, and Brent oil for February delivery of London ICE futures exchanges recorded 50.47 dollars a barrel which was decreased by 3.35 dollars(6.16%) compared to yesterday as well.
Samsung, which had Ricardo Ratliffe who was the best current foreign player of the last season, is concerned about foreign player issue for this season.
As facing Christmas and New Year's Day, conecentration would be what it matters in determining the ranking since there are many games lined up.  
Korea Expressway Coopration, who showed poor performance earlier this season unlike a defending champion, now joined a competition for ranking after winning 2 consecutive games. 
Winning this game is desperate to Hyundai E&C who had lost 3 consecutive games after winning one game in the season in order to rebound in the second half of the season. 
World-class golf stars all participate in 'Saudi Arabia International' which is the first championship of Europe Professional Golf Tour 2019 Season, which is hed in Saudi Arabia for the first time in history.
Sutopo Nugroho, spokesperson of Indonesia Nation Disaster Prevention Office(BNPB), announed in the afternoon on 24th that due to this tsunami, there were 373 people for dead, 128 people for missing, and 1495 people for injured. 
Jeju-do Island stated on 24th that after reexamining the final report of 'Development Plan for Neighborhood of Jeju Airport and Master Plan Establishment Service', it drew a conclusion that it would be hard to secure business value for urban development business focused on public facilities, and it would hand over this issue to long-term project.
Jeju Welcome City is planning to create Jeju gateway city, complex city with unification of living/business/culture, and new growth self-sufficient city at place of 1.64 million 9 thousand㎡ around Jeju airport by connecting with large complex transit center in which people transfer their public transportation.  
The amateur team which has no pro as well as semi-pro players beated against senior team of middle rank in the 1st round of 16th match at 'League of Legend Champions Korea(LCK)'.
The unexpected event in this year's KeSPA Cup goes along with Europe/North America's fighting well and Korea's weak performance at 'League of Legend World Championship(Lol's cup) in October.
Stock market around the world, which had expected a Christmas rally, followed suit due to plunge of U.S. stock market on last 24st(local time) of Christmas Eve. 
On 25th of Christmas, Japanese Nikkei index ended the morning market at 19147.45 decreased by 5.05% compared to yesterday, which collapsed 20 thousand line after 1 year and 3 months, and Chinese Shanghai composite index also now recorded 2469.73 at 11 a.m. decreased by 2.27% compared to yesterday.
Secheon-dong underground roadway, which uses both river and road at the same time, is an area prone to flooding in the rainy season and heavy rain which becomes impossible to pass that residents appealed their inconvenience.
Accordingly, Daejeon-si City and railroad authority concluded an agreement to use the existing underground roadway as a river and construct a new underground roadway with 2-lane as well as being used as sidewalk at a place where it is 29m away from existing roadway. 
Iraq cabinet has approved on revised plan of national holiday act that on Christmas, not only part of christians but all citizens of Iraq take a break.
Iraq Christianity Relief Committee has repaired 20 houses in Qaraqosh, American Open Door Missionary Union has distributed christian books to children of christian family around the northern area.
Earlier in 2003, the late pastor Samuel Kim built a church at Bagdad that he made an effort to prepare home for Mideast christians.
In case of extended stay, there is no specific regulating law, but in order to run an accommodation business, it has to register business following the related legislations such as lodging industry of Public Health Control Act, resort pension business of Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Act, and private rental room service in farming and fishing village of Rearrangement of Agricultural and Fishing Villages Act.
Out of 50 places, 9 places were not indicating accommodation fee on their own website, and only 10 places guided how to write a contract for a long-term stay. 
Only 14 places guided about refund policy when it is cancelled due to climate changes like typoon and heavy snow or natural disaster, and even out of those 9, only 7 places followed consumer dispute settlement regulation.
By this conclusion of agreement, when 8,000 members and their families of Chungbuk Federation of Teacher's Associations use a Micro Medical Center, they can receive preferential discount benefit like medical expense and comprehensive medical check. 
Cheongju Micro Medical Center has secured outstanding prefessionalism in finger inosculation as well as spine and joint field based on 30 years of experience and know-how.
Special Committee on Budget and Accounts determined the original budget of 2019 as 1.8268 trillion won, and it decided to cut the sporadic budget of 7.6 billion won from the budget proposal submitted by Pohang-si City while conditionally deciding on part of business.
As the ratio of using wood pallet, which is made of unkept woods in national producing area, has been increased a lot, it will be able to produce electricity by utilizing dosmestic timber.
According to Korea Forest Service, if unkept forest biomass in producing area is used as power generation fuel, it can reduce foreign currency by replacing imported wood pallets with those made in Korea.
It attracts attention that there is same amount of 300,000 dollars of option under recharter players like Hoying from Hanhwa as well as Ruf from Samsung, and Wilson from LG. 
KOICA stated that it has established the foundation to actively respond to various cyber crimes such as hacking, computer virus, and privacy complaint by establishing cybersecurity control center.
KOICA cyberscurity control center has prepared ancitipative response system which makes possible to not only prepare the advanced security system but also quickly respond to when related accident happens, by preparing control system for real time hacking attempt. 
The city has included vision about 'Philosophy Culture City Pohang, Cheering for Citizens' Happy Lives' to recover from crisis of regional economy casued by diversification of steel industry, restore daily lives of citizens who experienced earthquake, and make a new leap through liberal arts and culture and art. 
If all three players make a debut in senior stage, it will be more competitive to contend for the 1st place in the country.
Following the rule of International Skating Union(ISU) in which player has to be older than full 15 years old in order to participate in a competition, Young Yoo will make her debut as a senior at the latest.
Following the prior consultation between Tottenham and Korea Football Association, Heung-Min Son will join the representative team on 14th next month after playing at a league match against Manchester United.
Ministry of SMEs and Startups and Korea Federation of Small and Medium Business stated on 15th that it will receive application from 26th to January 31 next year for '2019 Small Business Man of Merit Reward' which excavates/rewards a person of merit who contributes to development and promotion of smmall business.
There are 4 parts to reward such as 'representative of exemplary small business' (manufacture field, distribution/service part), 'worker for exemplary small business' (including executive), 'promoted worker of small business', and 'excellent support organization/agency', and in terms of kinds of rewards, there are government rewards such as 'Order of Industrial Service Merit' (gold/silver/bronze/iron/concerment/monument', 'Industrial Packing', and 'Presidential Citation', and there are also organization rewards like 'Minister of Ministry of SMEs and Startups Reward' and 'Director of Public Procurement Service Reward'. 
Earlier on 29th last month, mayor Lee and public officials visited this site from 4 p.m. until late night with darkness in order to grasp difficulties of citizens who are using forest railroad at night.
In Yangnim-dong where many of Christianity historical site are gathered like Eugene Ball Memorial Hall and Owen Memorial Hall, there are various tourist attractions such as penguin town as well as Sajik Park observation tower, statring place of March 1st Independence Movement, and house of Jang-u Yi and Seung-hyo Choe.
For this, the city will investigate tourist attractions in detail such as Dongmyeong-dong as well as cultural center, cultural assets around the whold area of Yangnim-dong, historical site, traditional house, people, and food, and will reserve datas for storytelling from January to May next year.
On 25th of Christmas, skiers, who has visited Vivaldi Park Ski World in Hongcheon-gun District, Gangwon-do Province, are enjoying the winter by going around the silver snowy field.
On Saturday, a day after tommorw, it's going to be clear overall across the country with an effect of high pressure expanding from northern China, but it's going to be cloudy in the west coast of Jeolla and Jeju-do Island, and there will be some places with snow between noon to afternoon.
From Air Korea which is air measurment system of Ministry of Environment, it is observed as the 'Good' level at every measurement place except Dangjin in Chungnam, Cheongju in Chungbuk, and Jeonju in Jeonbuk with the level of 'Normal'.
The city explained that excellent transportation infrastructures such as adjacency with Daedeok Research & Development Area, convenience of cooperation of fusion and convergence about related field, and connected traffic network/transfer system, are key success factors in this attraction.
The center will have fulfillment about interntational crime classification made of negotiations between countries, and technical support, education, and conference for strengthening each country's criminal statistics capability.
The city is expecting that this attraction of the center will contribute to vitalize related industries through recruitment of local talents as well as local talent's entering a international organization, and international conference as well.
Even if the income of golf clubs in the country has been decreasing due to internal and external economic depression, it has been praised by local residents that it keeps doing sharing acts constinuously every year with a warm heart towards neighbors.  
It also contributed to vitalization of local economy by inviting foreign golf players through having sisterhood relationship with 10 golf clubs of overseas along with the active support of local residents event.
Even with a continuous recession, 'Faceless angel' of Jeonju, Jeonbuk visited again this year, delivering warmheartedness in the cold wave.
Because of this, the amount of which this angel left through 20 times for 19 years increased to 600 million 8.34 million 660 won.
The donation has been delivered to about 4900 housholds in needy circumstances through Commmunity Chest of Korea in Jeonbuk-do Province in a form of cash, briquettes, and rice.
The city also constructed an angel memorial hall at the entrance in November this year along with naming a side road of community service center as 'Angel's Road' and its surroundings as 'Angel Town' in 2015.
At 10:30 a.m.(local time), there was a collision between golf carts on the transport ship, and couple being on the front car fell into the river.
As a video of violently suppressing the protesters was uploaded on Social Network Service (SNS), Sudan government blocked the connection with Facebook/Twitter by forcing communications companies.
This protest started as citizens began to say 'I can't no longer live like this' since even the price of bread, which is their staple food, jumped during the worst economic crisis.
In Sudan, as the government stopped its financial support about importing wheat, the price of wheat had been increased by about 3 times from early this year along with price of bread being increased as well.
For people who became credit delinquents because of unemployment and regained the credit, it has been decided to prepare a program to look around psychological aspect which becomes an obstacle in finding an employment.
Withlife Corporation stated that through open exhibition, it hopes to reinterpret the meaning of family which is being renewed in modern times and serve as a momentum to share the preciousness of the family.
Withlife Corporation selects a total of 18 works through judge's evaluations which is composed of executives and experts, and grants prize money of about 20 million won to integrated grand prize (1 team), integrated top prize (1 team), excellence prize for each part (4 teams), and participation prize for each par (12 teams).
The reason why concentration of infants is much higher is because the amount of food intake and respiration rate per measure weight of a child are 2 to 3 times higher than those of adults.
L'Chayim Corporation study café and premium sugaring waxing brand Anaden announced that they recently proceeded a year-end party including inauguration of L'Chayim Sharing Hope Supporters Association at Riverside Hotel in Gangnam.
One of the representative foods of Yeonggwang, Jeonnam, 'Yeonggwang Mosi-leaf Songpyeon(Half-moon Rice Cake)', has been exported to overseas without going through middle distribution enterprise for the first time. 
Yeonggwang-gun District stated that Mosiall Corporation, who has made a contract with H-Mart in the U.S., exported 18t of Mosi-tteok rice cake (worth of 150 million won) including Mosi-leaf songpyeon and Mosi injeolmi as well.
A food procession company, Mosiall Corporation, is a leading company which has been developing various new products using local agricultural products like mosigae-tteok/barley bread along with mosi-leaf songpyeon.
After Christmast holiday, on the 26th morning(local time) of resuming business, it is inevitable to have an operational gap due to U.S. federal government shutdown (temporary suspension of work). 
Because of the Christmas holiday starting right after shutdown, there was no huge aftereffect, but once the holiday is over, it is inevitable to have an operational gap of public officials.
It is the second time in this month after a 7 years old girl from Guatemala who was detained in a border patrol lost her life.
This campaign, which runs 4 to 5 times a year, chooses people who are having a difficulty in Korean society and delivers presents which can be useful for living and give simple joy like sanitary pad and detergents.
It is also running 'mom-comfortable playground' of providing children's playground, 'mom-comfortable mothers-to-be project' of supporting mothers in vulnerable social group and childbirth, and 'mom-comfortable healing time' for working mom social workers. 
The edge of border is created to refelct the light of the car in order for drivers to easily notice a child with umbrella.
Cultural Heritage Administration explained that it is estimated to be produced about 2000 years ago, and since it is preserved in a good condition and its excavated position is clear, it has very high historical/cultural values. 
Korea Woman Reporter Association (president Gyun Mi Kim) stated on 27th that for 'The 16th Woman Reporter's Award of This Year', In Kyung Cho of Asia Economy local news deputy was chosen for coverage part, and Hee Kyung Hong of the Seoul Shinmun Newspaper local news deputy/Min Young Lee/Baek Yoon Huh/Keun Ah Lee local news reporter and Hee Sun Chae of SBS New Media production team were chosen as winners for planning part. 
In Kyung Cho deputy of Asia Economy exclusively reported about 'suspicion on leakage of exam questions by academic director of Sookmyung Girls' High School' which had been only on the grapevile while controversy on justice of application process with comprehensive transcripts for universiy application process is being continuous.
Woman Reporter's Award of This Year', which celeberates its 16th anniversary this year, is an award with the highest authority that is given to a woman reporter who has suggested a new sign to Korean society through reporting the most remarkable exclusive and planning and coverage throughout the year, and is annualy chosen by Korea Woman Reporter Association. 
Among cities of Italy, Venice is the most well-known, but recently the southern part in which Naples along with Pompeii and Sicilia Island are located is gaining popularity as well.
As perceptive activity of this area is being activated, the authorities of Italy has planned an emergency plan of moving residents to Sardegna Island in case of volcano eruption. 
In the morning on the 24th which was Christmas Eve, there was a report from a foreign media that Etna volcano(photo) in Sicilia Island resumed its activity and gushed volcanic ashes and lava.
Since volcanic activity in southern part of Italy has become more active, if you are traveling corresponding area or staying in that region, please be careful with personal security.
In the morning on 28th which heavy-snowfall watch has been issued around Jeju mountains, cars are carefully passing snowy roads nearby Nohyeong-dong, Jeju-si City.
The city has created/distributed a pamphlet of 'A guide on friendly service which Ulsan taxi drivers should know' which contains examples of different types of traffic inconvenience offenses such as charter of taxi kindness, unkindness/refusal of passengers along with a raise of the charge.
Electric bus has strengths that it doesn't discharge exhaust at all compared to exsiting CNG bus, and since it has little vibration and noise, it provides a pleasant and comfortable environment.
The city has decided to introduce new electric buses starting with 6 buses this yea, and by the 2019, it will have 15 more electric buses in order to expand eco-friendly transportation system.
The city has been promoting creation of automatic driving car and demonstration project in which 9 agengies are participating like Ulsan Techno Park and car components enterprises with business expenses of 3.2 billion on starting from last April, 2017.
Iraq region was a birthplace of Sumerian civilization, and afterward acient countries like Babylonia and Assyria had been created and collapsed in this region, and it also had to go through invasion or conquest of peripheral forces.
As Islam power, which was started from Arabian Peninsular, conquered this region in the 7th century, it had been incorporated into Islam power, and Bagdad in the period of Abbasid Caliphate in the 8th century had beomce a center of splendid Islam cultures as a capital of the kingdom. 
As Iraq who was a power of hostility against Iran had been collapsed and new moon of Shi'ah had risen, confused absolute monarchy country, Saudi Arabia took a new aspect of competing against Iran directly.  
As Iraq was originally a central nation of Middle East, depending on which way the postwar reconstruction and future development flow, the situation in the Middle East will be changed dramatically.
Trump of U.S. president, who decided the withdrawal of troops from Syria, made a surprise visit to U.S. base in Iraq and declared openly that there wouldn't be a withdrawal of U.S. troops within Iraq.
Yeongdong-gun District in Chunbuk stated on 28th that as facing the new year of 2019, it will promote various policies and systems in order to improve convenience of county residents and quality of lives.
If a child from a household, which is registered in Yeongdong by the standard of day of admission into a school, enters elementary/middle/high school for the first time, there will be given 200,000 won for elementary school, 300,000 won for middle school, and 500,000 won for high school.
Following the trend of superaged society, in order for senior citizens to manage high blood pressure by themselves and also prevent from it, there will be given automatic pressure measuring instruments to all senior citizen centers in 340 regions.
Since it is easy to manage even hidden fur, besides drying dishwares, even for users who first wash baby bottles or tray and toys which their child use and put them into a dish dryer with a concern of fine dust, it helps them to manage things used by children more hygienically.
The city has decided to promote contructing a cluster between related industry and Dangjin Harbor and creating new jobs as well as vitalizing local economy in order to solve the problem of insufficient connectivity with national industrial complex loaced at the back of Dangjin Harbor.  
The plan of using idle dock in order to export LNG tank container to overseas by using non-operating ancient docks with a size of 10 ships has been included in heavy equipment development strategy.
Besides this, the city is expecting to have various invesments in the ocean which is a future of Dangjin through having advancement of administrative organization related to port logistics as well as Marina port development and devlopment business of Janggo National Harbor as well as fishing village new deal business in this heavy equipment development strategy.
There was an influence of semiconductor companies' enlarging the production facilities, but there also contained a meaning that future demand prospect which is seen by predicted by industy isn't very bright. 
As the storm warning has been issued at the sea, the operation of passener ship has been restricted on 3 sea routes starting from Jeju, Usuyeong in Jeonnam as well as Wando and Marado Island in Seogwipo-si City.
While the market of smart phone is being stagnant, feature phone (phone which only has simple functions of call and sending text messages) is currently showing the growth again.
A market research company, Couterpoint Research stated on 28th that as the shipment of feature phone has marked a growth for 4 consecutive quarters that it contrasts with the smart phone which is showing a continuous decline.
A psychology counselor is in a charge of helping counselees who are suffering from psychiatric problems to adjust to healthy daily lives by curing with a psychological way. 
It is grasped that the method of hacking was there was an email sent through the 3rd business mail server with Hana center account and employee checked that email which executed malicious code.
A corresponding employee didn’t enipher the document which contained personal information, and should have saved at Internet separation PC but it seemed like he/she violated this rule.
According to the data which Byung Seok Park of Democratic Party of Korea who belongs to Foreign Affairs and Unification Committee of National Assembly revealed to public after receiving it from Ministry of Unification in last October, the cyber attacks towards Ministry of Unification from last 2014 to August this year reached the number of 1518.
Gyeongbuk Hana Center, which suffered from private information leakage of North Korean defectors due to the hacking, seemd busy with informing each individual about its information leakage on this day as well.
At field situation center of accepting damage which was installed at Ministry of Unification, North and South Hana Foundation, and Gyeongbuk Hana Center, the total of 15 telephones including 8 newly added telephone line continued to have calls with about 900 North Korean defectors with no break in between.
The work of notification which started in the early morning of last 27th has been completed by getting through most of people except about 100 people whose number were out of service or were changed as of 6 p.m.
At all 25 of Hana center in the country, they are supporting for settlement of more than 30,000 North Korean defectors at the moment, but at most places, there are only 3 to 5 labor forces who are working under poor circumstances.
The government had decided in last October to find existence of undiscoverd life rafts in order to identify 8 of our sailors' life or death who went missing due to Stellar Daisy accident which was happened in the South Atlantic on March 31st, and to enfore deep submergence search with a purpose of investigating cause of the accident.
In last August when deep submergenc search had been determined, Diplomatic Service and Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries have been progressing bidding process for conclusion of deep submergence search service contract for the sunken Stellar Daisy, and they finally made a contract with Ocean Infinity company which partcipated in bid in last November. 
Ocean Infinity company participated in the search of Malaysia missing flight (MN-370) from January to May this year, and it is also known as a specialized company for deep submergence search as it discovered Argentina navy missing submarine(ARA San Juan) in last month.
The countries whose the amount of annual exports is over 600 billion dollars until now are only 6 countries including the United States as well as Germany, China, Japan, Netherlands, and France.
Gwan Hee Lee, who played in every game(27 games) of the this season, is currently running the average of 32 mins and 53 secs per game, and is recording an 14.8 for average score(3-pointer 2) as well as 4.2 for rebound, 2.0 for assist, and 1.7 for steal.
In the match against Goyang Orions on last 21st, Gwan Hee Lee came out with a tonsured head and led his team to escape from 5 consecutive loses by pouring out the highest score of 29 points in his career.
As Starflex promised on succession of employment in 2015 but didn't pay the promised wages, Ki Tak Hong of ex-leader of Fine Tek Metal Workers Union and Joon Ho Park of office manager are being on the chimney again.
A periodic evaluation of establishing a goal at the beginning of the year and receiving evaluation at the half and the end of the year will be replaced with performance evaluation per project at all times in order to respond to a rapid business environment change.
On 27th(local time), Atalanta Journal (AJC) and The Korea Daily introduced a story of two sisters who have met each other through a DNA inspection company in 42 years after they had been adopted. 
While the cold wave alert has been issued at central district and part of southern interior, as the cold air continuously inflows, there will be many places staying at below-zero temperature even in the daytime, and with an effect of strong wind, the sensible temperature will be much lower.
According to Korea Aviation Meteorological Agency and Jeju Regional Head Office of Korea Airports Corporation, there is a wind sheer alert issued at both take-off and landing directions of Jeju Airport at 8:16 a.m. on 29th.
Wind shear is being issued when the head wind or tail wind above 15KT changes which can have a bad influence on the plane when it takes off or lands.
Since Hallasan Mountain has become snowy with layer of 20cm snow, it is banned on mountain climbing, and as the route 1100 which connects between Jeju-si City and Seogwipo-si City has 10cm of snow, both large and small car traffic are being blocked.
In this day's fire fighting, there will be 13 helicopters, 17 fire trucks and every kind of equipments, and about 1200 manpower of firemen and residents, putting into the work.
As TV Hongkacola has reached over 142,000 subscribers only 11 days after being founded, while celebrating this, Hong of ex-representative announed the incorporation of Hongkakola.
As executive director Yoo, who has high public influence by appearing on various TV programs, considers himself as a supporting part of the government, Social Network Service(SNS) politicts of potential presidential candidates will be on fire as well.
Executive director Yoo drew a line in restarting politics, but from the rulling party, there are lots of observations that thorugh YouTube, he will defend the offensive about Jae-in Moon government and will increase his influence as a presidential candidate of the rulling party.
It is interpreted that the statement of Hong ex-representative came out as 'YouTube war' formation between himself and Yoo excutive director was composed. 
After a teenage girl in China gave a birth to a child of man who kidnapped her, she even received a disservice from his sons that she gave birth to 2 more babies.
Mr. B, who just thought his daughter was simply missing, started to look for his daughter by making a pamphlet of missing child and posting it after being released from the prison.
International Christian Concern (ICC), which delivers news of Christians who are being persecuted, recently revealed that at night on 26th (local time), the day after Christmas, 7 christians were killed by attack of Fulani at Nauru in Barakin Ladi, Plateau State of central Nigeria. 
On this day, the current ice thickness of Sancheonoe Ice Festival is between 27 to 30cm that it will be no problem to hold an opening ceremony of the festival on upcoming 5th next month.
Pro-green Tech Corporation is established in 2010, and is an emerging company as being chosen in 2016 Pohangsi-City Promising Small Hidden Company and 2017 Gyeongbuk Pride 100 Companies.
The 1st industrial complex in Jeonju, Jeonbuk, which was built 50 years ago, will reform to a young man-friendly industrial complex in which young men can dream while working.
Young man-friendly industrial complex is a business to change a worn-out industrial complex with a low ratio of new industry and degenerated work settlement environment into an industrial complex with establishment/innovation ecosystem. 
Jeonju-si City proposed additional excavation businesses such as 'Construction of Young Man Fusion and Convergence Support Center(11 billion won)' along with 'Infastruture maintanance within the 1st industrial complex(32.8 billion won), 'Construction of Jeonju Culture and Art Center with young men's dream(2.2 billion won)', and 'Construction of urban forest being with young men(49.5 billion won) to Center    to Ministry of Commerce, Industry, and Energy 
In addition, with this selection, the city is expecting to have a high synergy effect with regeneration businesses for structure advancement such as 'Palbok arts factory' along with 'business of railroad attraction', 'construction of tourist hotel and happy houses', and 'foundation/establishment of Palgwajeong-ro Street'. 
Even Dajuan Summers got injured again who was being replaced for Aaron Haynes, a tall foreign player who got injured.
At the end of the first half, SK, who was losing with a score of 32-41, fought hard with Young Jun Ahn scoreing 9 points and Sun Hyeong Kim scoring 6 points only in the first half, but it was no match in foreign players against KCC. 
Jae Young lee led the team win the game with a score of 3 to 0 by scoring the highest point of 17 within the team at the match agasint Hyundai Engineering & Construction Hillstate, held in Suwon Gymnasium, Gyeonggi-do Province.
From Orioin, Darryl Monroe took a active play with 22 points, 7 rebounds, and 6 assits, and Jae Hyun Park(12 points), Il Young Huh(11 points), and Sang Oh Park(10 poins) also lead the team win the game with two digit score as well. 
A hair drier refers to anger and heat of the ex-coach Alex Ferguson who was yelling at players with a flushed face.
Romelu Lukaku, Jesse Lingard, and Marcus Rashford who have been having ups and downs recently, played roles in the last game, and Pobga is also continuing his upturn with a record of 2 goals and 2 assists in Solskjaer system.
The positions of Anthony Martial, Rashford, and Lukaku at the front line became ambiguous because of Sanchez who prefered an attack route from the left that the coexistence of these players is a task which Mourinho left behind.
Different from system of Mourinho who played a soccer focused on defense, in Solskjaer system which emphasizes aggressive and quick transition between offense and defense, there is enough room for them to spread out their wings.
At the first match of the season for both team on Novermber 3rd, Man U barely won the game on the strength of tie-breaking goal in second half injury time.
In reality, a monthly average of domestic sales volume in the first half of the year has been decreased by 2%, but it is expected that a monthly average will be increased by 2% in the second half in which special consumption tax has been taken place.
In the morning on 31st, 71 fired laborer of Ssangyong Motor had a press conference in front of main entrance of head office as they went to the head office of Pyeongtaek Ssangyong Motor after 10 years. 
On the same day earlier at 9:30 a.m. it will have an opening ceremony at KRX Square which is located on 2nd floor of main building of Korea Exchange Seoul Office, Yeouido, Seoul. 
This business, which has been started with a purpose of protecting senior citizens from vicious commercial activity by using practician (aged contact point) who are closely connected to seniors, is a consumption safety net in which local community helps with demage report of senior consumers.
There are 7 main businesses such as construction of knowledge industry center along with strengthening safety of infrastructures (road maintanance), construction of entry ramp to Ulsan/Mipo national industrial complex (Jujeon to Eomul-dong selection), securing parking lot, supporting rent of commuting bus, environmental imporvement fund business of sludge resource recovery, and business on safety diagnosis of underground pipe in petrochemical complex.
Ulsan-si city stated that it will support ongoing businesses such as contruction of industrial safety/training center along with installation of buffer storage facility, and support rent of industrial complex dorm, by cooperating with related deparments.
After Hyeon-Jong Yang ended 2016 season, he signed a 1 year contract with KIA club with the total of 2.25 billion won including 750 million won of deposit and 1.5 billion won of annual salary.
On 31st, the government held the Cabinet meeting under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Nak-yon Lee at Government Complex-Seoul located in Sejongno Street, Seoul, and deliberated/decided 13 of executive orders including revised bill of enforcement ordinance on Minimum Wages Act, 3 of legislative bills, and 25 of law promulgation.
For similar reception act, a revised bill of enforcement ordinance on Similar Reception Act, which regulates to charge a fine of 30 million won on corporation who used similar company name of financial business and 15 million won on those who are not corporation, has been decided as well. 
For application, after downloading a statement notification from a board (notification announcement) on Daegu-si City website, visit Daegu-si City Welfare Policy Room or apply through registered mail or electronic mail by January 15.
For chosen developers, rent and maintenance cost about move-in space are free of charge, and they are also able to rent various kinds of software for game development as well as use game test bed which possesses VR/mobile test instruments.
In the morning of 31st which the year-end cold wave continues, children who visit E-World Sledding Slope in Duryu-dong, Dalseo-gu District of Daegu are enjoying the winter with riding a sleigh.
Solskjaer, who had been together with the coach Alex Ferguson for a long time, started to control the team with his own way of properly distributing rules of last season and freedom of players.
At the match of against Huddersfield on 27th, it made to support the offense right below Marcus Rashford at the front line, and at the match agasint Bournemouth on 31st, it located at the bottom of left side of three top in which Romelu Lukaku was at the top.
In earlier, representative Kim claimed that Sang Gyun Kim of chief director had committed a wrongness in personnel process and even after the Blue House obtained the intelligence, it enforced the personel ignoring this assertion.
In safety education, 'self-diagnosis of cognitive ability' process, which diagnoses memory and attention, those being necessary for seniors to drive safely, has been included. 
Since there are lots of regions which have problems with deteriorated housings within Suseong-gu District, it is a reason why it isn't desirable to bind all Suseong-gu District as speculation-ridden area.
At CPTPP in which 11 countries of Japan, Canada, Mexico, Austrailia, New Zealand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore, Brunei, Chile, and Peru have participated, in terms of a scale, it takes the 3rd following United States/Mexico/Canada Agreement(USMCA) and Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership led by China(RCEP).
Japan Institute of International Trade and Investment expected that by the effectuation of CPTPP, custom burden of Japanese companies will be decreased by 3 billion dollars for a year (approximately 3.3 billion won).
Among korean golfers, Kim Si Woo gave the best performance sharing the 70th with 2 under par 70 with 3 birdies and a bogey.
KT Rolster who had difficulties making the final piece of the jigsaw, now became a team that has a veteran and a LCK rookie at the same time. 
Lack of coordination between the players led the fatal loss and so-called 'Zenit' Jeon Tae Kwon who just made a debut in LCK seemed quite dependent in the game.
Ji Eun Hee finished the first round 6 under par 65, making 6 birdies without a bogey in Diamond Resort Tournament of Champions in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, USA on 18th (Korea Time)
Lee Mi-hyang(26) shared 8th with 3 under par 69, Kim Se-young(26) 11th with 2 under par 69 and Jeon In-ji(25) 15th with 1 under par 70. 
The team led by Professor Jeong Bo-young and Kim In-soo in the cardiology department of Yonsei University's Severance Hospital said on 18th they reached the same conclusion after studying 432,587 health check-ups aged 18 and older from 2009 to 2013 from the National Health Insurance Corporation.
In an average 3.9 years of follow-up monitoring, the research team has confirmed that if PM2.5 concentration increases, the level of patients who develop atrial fibrillation increases as well.
Park Joon-hee, head of the district office, inspected the residential area in Seowon-dong with 19  sanitary workers from 6 a.m., collected the recyclables and loaded them into a collection vehicle, and cleaned the streets cleanly not to leave any debris.
Right after the collection work, they went to the break room for sanitary workers of Seowon-dong, conducted safety inspections of facilities and facilities of convenience and listened carefully to their voices to know if they have any difficulties at work.
Pitcher Jung Chan-hun made a billion won salary for first time in their careers, signing a 75 million with a 170 million won raise and outfielder Lee Chun-woong as well, signing a 150 million won with a 70 million won raise.
As IP (Intellectual Property) such as a popular character and brand that is familiar to consumers has become more powerful, ICT industry has started to expand its business territory.
Mayor Kim, who began his second term in July last year, solved long-standing challenges over the past four and a half years, including the city bus strike, making decisions on relocating Jeonju Prison and moving the aviation battalion.
After discussing with the Marine Corps Command, the city decided to have the event in the last week of April, which is the month the Marine Corps' founding anniversary (April 15) is in, considering the  schedule of the other events, weather and symbolism.
Danyang, which can be accessed within two hours from the metropolitan area, has become a popular settlement among those who return to farming and rural areas, as it is surrounded by beautiful natural scenery the Danyang River and Sobaek Mountain creates, as well as tourist attractions such as Dodam Sambong Peak, Mancheonha Skywalk and Gosu Cave.
In the past five years, the number of people returning to farming and rural areas has reached 2,382, accounting for 8 percent of the total population of Danyang County (3,255 people) as of December last year.
In the past five years, the number of people returning to farming and rural areas has reached 2,382, accounting for 8 percent of the total population of Danyang County (3,255 people) as of December last year.
The tournament will feature the defending champion Jason Day (Australia), the world No. 1 Justin Rose  (England), Rory McIlroy (Northern Ireland), Dustin Johnson (the United States) and Jordan Spieth (the United States)
Among them, the government plans to award 2,487 independence patriots who failed to receive the award this year to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the March 1 Independence Movement.
The investigation was conducted by visiting 1,621 document rooms in towns in person to check the list of convicts that contains the names, addresses, trial dates, criminal names and prison terms.
In fact, hearing-impaired people aged at 60s who failed in the written tests 14 times in a row scored at 20 points, acquired the Class 2 license finally, scoring 40 points and then later 60 points after taking a course of written test from the center.
The issuance of the measures is the first of its kind this year, and the one with the four successive day  over the weekend is the first since the system was implemented in 2017.
It will be very useful if the activity manuals and services under a fine dust pollution standstill order are provided to people according to their jobs, age groups and living conditions.
A man with a bushy beard holds a chain in his hand, and a woman in a dark sleeveless dress has a chain around her neck.
The woman in the video often turns her head and look around but the man walks forward without caring about people around him.
The city plans to spend 3.18 billion won on the afforestation project to plant 564,000 trees in areas where fine dust is generated and forest disaster-prone areas, including areas where logging and factories are concentrated.
The All-Star players gave away lunch boxes to their fans in person on the train and participated in different kinds of events and had time to take photos and communicate with their fans.
All-Star players are scheduled to move to the fountain square in Sangnam-dong, Changwon-si, Gyeongsangnam-do in the evening and participate in the 'Moving All Stars' event  with fans.
To fight against this, Jin Air Greenwings will start the game with  'Lindalang' Huh Man-heung, "Malang" Kim Geun-sung, "Grace" Lee Chan-ju, "Root" Moon Gum-soo and "Kelin" Kim Hyung-kyu.
The Ssuljeon is the longest-running program since the opening of JTBC, with conservative and liberal panels appearing to discuss a variety of current affairs issues.
Apples from Dangoeul at the foot of Sobaeksan Mountain in Danyang County, North Chungcheong Province, is gaining popularity as a gift for the lunar new year. 
Apples from Dangoeu, Danyang, which was first exported to Taiwan and other Southeast Asian markets in 1996, its export has been steadily increasing every year due to the unequaled quality of their products.
They also have entered the Taiwanese market, which is called the "branch of world import and export," where famous apples from the U.S., Europe and Latin America, including Japan's Imori apples, are competing.
The market has been able to continuely export apples from Jungnyeong, Dangoeul for more than 20 years because they always put a lot of efforts in improvement in quality to suit the tastes of Taiwanese consumers.
Cho Seong-min won the first place, scoring 16 points, the highest among the participants, in the preliminary round of the Three-Point Challenge for the 2018-2019 season KBL All-Star Game at Changwon Indoor Stadium on 20th.
Cho Seong-min will face Lee Kwan-hee (Seoul Samsung) in the semifinals of the three-point-shot contest that starts after the first quarter of the All-Star Game, who won the fourth in the preliminary round
Lee Dae-ho has recorded a triple crown in batting champion twice, a seven-time batting champion, the regular season MVP and home runs in nine consecutive games.
The organizing committee for the Cheongju Craft Biennale said Tuesday that it would change the date of event, originally scheduled for Sept. 25 to Nov. 3 (40 days), to Oct. 8 to Nov. 17 (41 days).
The organizing committee suggested that the overlapping schedules with internal construction and distribution facilities on the first and second floors could cause problems such as dust and noise in the course of carrying works.
After the emodeling Construction of the old factory manufacturing plant in Cheongju, the permanent building of the craft biennale, which has been a long-cherished project, will be operated, and various exhibitions and experience programs such as special planning exhibitions and craft experience will be held during the period even when the biennale is not held.
Oh Ji-young (KGC Insam Corp.) danced passionately to the girl group Caleb Five's music, while Padar (Hyundai Capital) even made a round with a female fan hanging on his forearm.
Following Incheon and Daegu, a postnatal care center in Jeju also found that a newborn was infected with the Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) , which put the health authorities on alert.
Adults have only mild symptoms such as a cold, but for newborns and elderly people with weak immune systems, it's an infectious diseases that can cause pneumonia.
A market research company called Strategy Analytics (SA) predicted in a survey released late last year that while global Smartphone markets are growing backwards, 5G-oriented terminals would be supplied mainly in premium markets starting from this year and the market would return to growth in 2023.
The Ministry of SMEs and Startups said that exports of small and medium-sized enterprises rose 8.0 percent year on year to $114.6 billion last year in the '2018 Small and Medium Business Trend'.
This is because exports to major countries such as China and the U.S., which are the biggest markets, and emerging countries such as Russia have increased significantly thanks to the influence of the Korean Wave.
It's said that as the construction companies in charge of construction of the Jeju Health Care Town  failed to receive construction payment of 120 billion won, they filed for provisional seizure of a real estate against the Nokji International Healthcare Town Limited in September 2017.
At this critical moment, it's became a hot issue that the seats were full with Vietnamese supports, where players from both countries had no choice but to look 
The two teams, each one goal in the first and in the second half, had to go in the penalty shootout, l​eaving their fortune with Heaven.
The two countries' kickers stood facing the goalkeepers could see the people at the back wearing red T-shirts with yellow stars.
Although there were some concerns that he may suffer reduced stamina of constant participation in gamese from the ones in his team Tottenham, he showed off his robustness, leading the team's 2-0 victory over China on 17th (Korean time).
In addition, Kwon Kyung-won, center defender is also working on rehabilitation for muscle pain and Lee Jae-sung is not as in a good state as expected.
After the season, he failed to get enough rest and immediately entered intense training, which seemed to cause overload on his muscles.
Ji Eun-hee won the Diamond Resort Tournament of Champions, opening game of the Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) Tour at the Four Season Golf Club in Lake Buena Vista, Florida and was holding a trophy with a smile
Ji Eun-hee won her 15th championship of LPGA Tour with 14 under par 270, beating Lee Mi-rim (29, 12 under par 272) at 2nd place by two shots 
Super Blood Moon is a combination of 'Super Moon', which is when the moon is at its closest point to the Earth and when full moon appears overlap and ' Blood Moon', which is when the moon is a total lunar eclipse in line with the Earth, appearing red.
Citizens watching the shootout At home, on the street, and in the supermarket cheered with shouts of joy and hugged each other as soon as the final kicker Bui Tien netted
staff and hundreds of customers who stopped shopping to gather in front of the television,hugging each other were aired through YouTube channels.
Companies attending the meeting, including Hyundai Motor Co., SK hynix Inc. and LG Chem Ltd., expressed their wishes on simplified import and export procedures, enhanced support for export marketing to secure new markets, mitigated trade insurance guarantees, expanded free trade agreement networks and further export tariff reductions.
As for the reason for the increase in the number of applications compared to last year, the Cultural Heritage Foundation attributed the rise to the new estalishment of 'First-ever Creation Support Project' and the rise of new organizations.
The team Vietnam led by Director Park Hang-seo, which has emerged as an emerging power in Southeast Asia, and also the team China, which inflames its fighting spirits whenever it meets South Korea, are also facing the finish line.
Sony's first 8K LCD TV, the Bravia Master Series Z9G, came in two models; 85inch and 98inch.
Sony's evolved backlight master drive technology controls LED devices one by one, making it suitable for clearer and more dynamic image implementations.
In fact, Japanese TV manufacturer Sharp joined hands with NTT DoCoMo, a mobile carrier at CES to introduce concept products using 5G.
Despite the growth of emerging markets, the overall market is expected to remain stagnant as three major markets -- China, the U.S. and Europe -- continued to suffer slow sales.
The Soul Buster is Soul's third-generation model debuted in 2008 and has been reborn, boasting the best-in-class and powerful running performance of 204 watts in horsepower and a fully refreshed high-tech design and cutting-edge multimedia specifications.
The Soul Booster EV is Kia's electric vehicle packed with cutting-edge R&D technology and can travel a total of 386 kilometers on a single charge.
Earlier North Gyeongsang Province Governor Lee Chul-woo, Daegu Mayor Kwon Young-jin, Gumi City Mayor Jang Se-yong, Gumi City Council Chairman Kim Tae-geun and Gumi Chamber of Commerce Chairman Cho Jung-moon, along with some 1,000 city and provincial residents,  organized a 'Daegu and North Gyeongsang Province City Citizens signature campaign for establishing SK Hi-Nix in Gumi' at the Daegu Culture and Arts Center on the 16th.
About two weeks before the Lunar New Year's holiday, citizens at a fruit shop in Banyeo Agricultural Wholesale Market in Haeundae-gu, Busan are picking the ripe fruits for gifts.
As of September 2017, 47 securities firms (32 domestic firms and 15 foreign firms) compared the 44,528 reports released for a year beforehand with 44,734 reports released for a year thereafter.
The "target stock prices disparate ratio" (based on average price), which usually shows the difference between the target stock price and the actual stock price one year later, was greater after the system was improved (-20.6%) than before the system was improved (-18.7%).
The fourth-quarter business profit of Samsung Electronics' unveiled earlier this month also fell to 10.8 trillion won, almost 20 percent less than the outlooks given by most of stock firms.
Early last year, many stock firms offered a forecast of breaking through the "COSPI 3000," but the stocks rather fell down affected by the trade war. 
Italian chef Giovanni Mauro Seige (right) introduces Jeju's food ingredients and a course meal using  Chungjungone products at a pop-up restaurant event hosted by Chungjungone at Jeju Olle Tourist Center in Seogwipo, Jeju Island, on last 19th.
The "Rxton Sports Khan (Khan below)" introduced by Ssangyong Motor Co. is a model that is not common in Korea and is optimized for a recreational vehicle 
The test drive included various sections such as Seoul-Yangyang Expressway and off-road sections set up on Sonami Island, which let people check the on- and off-road performance properly.
Reflecting the popularity of the film "Bohemian Rhapsody," many fans cheered as some volleyball and basketball players mimicked the group Queen's vocalist Freddie Mercury.
The players performed with fans and announcers, making all 4,702 fans who filled the stadium excited.
Each Cho Sung-min and Kim Jong-kyu (Changwon LG) has retook 1st place of  the Three-Point Challenge and Dunking Contest (domestic) in three years, thanks to support from home fans.
Marcus Landry of Busan KT and Lagona Dream Team was was awarded The MVP, who scored 40 points and set a new record of 10 3-pointers in a game in the All-Star game history.
The Eunharail in Wolmi Island started construction in 2009 at a cost of 85.3 billion won and was completed in June 2010, but part of the vehicle and orbit were demolished due to controversy over the faulty construction, which cost tens of billions of won in this process.
The gold medalism, which is even daunting the bronze medalists, requires coaches in medal hopeful events to use whatever means and ways necessary to win the gold medals to the atheletes.
Following the doctor's advice, he tried to leave his dawn shift to the staff and sleep at 11pm and get up at 6 am on weekdays and sleep at 12pm and get up at 8 am on weekends no matter what happens.
People with sleep problems can be divided into two groups: a group of sleep-disabled patients and the other group of people with "pure insomnia".
For elderly people, they could have sleep disorders because their brains degenerate and cause them to lose their sleep hormones such as melatonin and serotonin.
A recent study found that the top 20% group of people who often wake up during sleep were 34% more likely to have arteriosclerosis in their legs and necks than the bottom 20% group.
Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy Sung Yun-mo held a private and public joint export strategy meeting at the Korea Trade Insurance Corp. in Jongno-gu, Seoul on 21st, attended by vice ministers from related ministries, export support organizations and association heads from different industries.
How much negative impact China's economy will have can be foreseen by the central bank's economic growth rate, which is a "comprehensive report of the Korean economy."
The event was attended by about 80 people including President Lee, Daejeon superintendent of education Seol Dong-ho, Daejeon National Cemetery President Kwon Yul-jung, Daejeon CBS headquarters director Lee Sang-jin and Daejeon CBS's management director Lee Ki-bok.
The experience center has 18 types of experience areas in six sections, including living safety, traffic safety, violence and physical safety, drug and cyber addiction, disaster safety and first aid.
Luther King Jr. was born on Jan. 15, 1929, but following a vote by the U.S. Congress, the third Monday in January was designated "Matin Luther King's Day" in 1986, making it a federal holiday.
The new GM Lim has earned the title of the first female general manager since the professional baseball league was launched 38 years ago and the title of the baseball GM who was also a former football player.
The city expects that the system will help control the population of harmful wild animals and prevent damage to crops and human lives.
After counting the number of winter migratory birds visiting the Taehwa River from November to December last year, Ulsan City said Tuesday that a total of 106,600 species of 52 species had been observed.
The chances of a cow giving birth to twins are low at just 5% and a second delivery is usually completed within 24 hours of the first delivery.
It is expected that since politicians in the northern part of the area have expressed their intention to relocate the former Gyeongbuk Provincial Government and there is a separate establishmentmore where more than half of Daegu City's workforce is currently stationed,  they will strive for winning in the competition as a strong candidate.
Since measles can be prevented by just 2 shots of MMRs, Children at 12 to 15 months old and 4-6 years old should be vaccinated.
If the team leads game in an early hour, the game can be easily solved according to the well-scripted scenario which starts with the rear build-up that Bento's side boasts.
Though the Asian Games are a U-23 national team match, which is different in objective indicators from the A team, the memory was enough to inspire Hwang Ui-jo with confidence.
The Asia-Pacific region, which includes South Korea, and China and Latin America region will have games under AWC rules, with details to be announced later.
A total of eight teams, including five from North America and Europe, one from China, one from Asia-Pacific and one from Latin America, will participate in the AWC finals at the end of the year.
Through the tournament server, "Time Trials" will be held alternately between the east and west and the schedule will be wrapped up in the cup where the top eight teams from each region compete every week.
On the same day, Yang stressed the need to create a futuristic high-tech industrial complex for the era of the 4th industrial revolution, including artificial intelligence, virtual reality and drones.
Located in the vicinity of Yeonmu-eup, Nonsan-si, South Chungcheong Province, the South Chungcheong Province Defense National Industrial Complex will be 1.03 million square meters, aiming to be designate as a national industrial complex and launch in 2022.
The winner of the match will face the winner of the round of 16 match between Qatar and Iraq, which will be held at Al Nahyan Stadium in Abu Dhabi at 1 a.m. on 23rd.
The city predicts that about 50,000 athletes or 150,000 in total including their families, will visit Gyeongju to participate in various events this year.
In the second half, he pushed Jordan to score the tying goal and managed to keep their face, playing on par with Jordan until the extra time.
Some say that they had good results easily last year only because the games were against relatively weak teams such as southeastern countires or by age group and that they might have already reached their performance limits.
The city will push forward 19 new projects and 51 commemorative projects representing the city of Pohang under the slogan "a new leap forward for the future 100 years beyond 70 years."  to rediscover Pohang.
Cheongju City, North Chungcheong Province said on 21st that it has submitted a letter of opinion asking to diversify the criteria for exceptional cities p​rior announcement of legislation for the bill to revise the entire local autonomy law from the Ministry of Public Administration and Security.
Like the bill for partial amendments on the Local Government Act proposed by a member of Democratic Party of Korea, Kim Byung-kwan, the city asked for the criteria for exceptional cities to be made for large cities with more than 1 million people, big cities with more than 1 million people of administrative needs, and big provincial capital cities with more than 500,000 people.
South Chungcheong Province said on 21th that it would push forward a project to reduce livestock odors in South Chungcheong Province, which aims to achieve 70% reduction.
Ji won the final round of the Diamond Resort Tour of Champions (total prize of 1.2 million U.S. dollars) at the Four Season Golf Club (par-71, 6,645 yards) in Buena Vista, Florida on 21st (Korean time), shotting one under par 70 and a 14 under par 270 in total.
The tournament this year is a new kind of a final round for only 26 winners who have won the LPGA Tour over the past two years.
Because all three teams failed to score above sixth place, it will be hard for Korea to secure a ticket to Tokyo even though the number of final qualifying tickets between continents could be increased to 2.
It's not that 3 teams in Asia-Pacefic fight for the remaining one but that all teams participating in the final qualifying round between continents will fight for two tickets to qualify for the Tokyo Olympics.
It's said that Studium approaches you, making you easy and familiar with the general grammar but Punktum comes to pierce you like an arrow.
In Venezuela, which is suffering from the worst economic crisis and social turmoil, soldiers this time attempted a coup, demanding the resignation of President Nicolas Maduro.
Soldiers who staged the coup attacked a military guard post in Petare district at 2:50 a.m, which is a slum in Caracas, wresting weapons and kidnapping two officers and two enlisted soldiers.
The pro-government Supreme Court, in response, concluded the congressional declaration, which they declared President Maduro's reappointment illegal, is invalid and decided to ask the prosecution investigate criminal acts of congressional leaders.
The coup showed signs of resistance to Maduro, who caused the economic slump and humanitarian crisis, according to the Guardian.
Some say that each company will be able to identify their capabilities in the second half of this year as this year is the time when they are fully entering global markets such as the U.S. and China.
In addition, Gangwon Province will have strong winds from today, and the day after tomorrow the wind will be strong in the coastal areas and there will be a little strong winds in the inland areas as well, which can lead to a big fire, so you should pay special attention to a forest fire and other types of fires.
On the show, Shin Jae-eun surprised the cast by showing making a study plan and solving a problem book with her son.
The only one of Son's forward passes that could probably have been threatening on the day was the pass in the penalty area that he gave to Lee Yong in the first half.
Lee Seung-woo came in as a sub in the second half of the round of 16 match between South Korea and Bahrain at the 2019 AFC Asian Cup at Rashid Stadium in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates on 22nd (Korean time).
Under the "Balanced Development Plan" announced in October, the city plans to invest about 60 billion won in total for business expenses to rebuild the village along with 20 other places by 2022.
As the first year for the promotion, the Daedae Village, four areas of Songhui Village, Manseok Zukumi Village, Nundongne in Michuhol District and Haagol Village in Bupyeong-gu were selected as "Together Village" which are in under way to activate community, build residents' capacity, conduct a survey of the village and establish a readjustment plan.
Incheon City are carrying foward a total of nine projects and five more areas will be selected by taking ideas from residents in the first half of this year and areas with excellent results will be selected as 'Together Village in the year 2020' with support.
About 38% of the houses in Incheon are single and multi-family homes with four stories or less, and about 30% of the houses will be aged by 2020, which requires urgent actions to take for the management of old low-rise dwellings.
Since 2013, the city has been pushing forward a new type of urban readjustment project called " Low-rise House Residential Area in Original City Center Management Project," which will overhaul the aging residential environment, focusing on the areas where redevelopment and reconstruction had been promoted in the past.
The project is currently underway in eight areas, including Baedari in Donggu and Nongwon Village in Yeonsu-gu, and all projects are scheduled to be completed within this year.
It seems that the move came after the government said it would conduct an artificial rainfall test in the Yellow Sea on 25th to reduce fine dust.
As the temperature is expected to be similar to that of the average year or higher this month, if the warm weather continues, the buds hidden under the dried leaves will bloom one after the other.
The city will invest some 4 billion won in total for business expenses this year to produce 57,000 tons of roughage, including corn, blue barley and to supply them to livestock farms.
They will recruit a total of new 60 members for Gayageum, Geomungo, Haegeum and Daegeum, from the fourth grade of elementary school to the first grade of high school in the province 
It is expected that air quality in South Korea will decrease from 'good' to 'ordinary' for the time being due to high atmospheric pressure that is expanding from northern China.
If you had come to me and asked me directly why I started this, I would have told you the whole story, but I still don't understand why you are covering it behind my back.
You might think I'll break down and eventually give up if it keeps going in this way but I am sure I will continue to fight with you.
It was more burdensom that I was mentioned so many times, which was a shame, than that you keep writing malicious news on me.
Today I came down here because I thought I should sit down together with you and answer your questions and tell you live through my voice that the news you hear thesedays are actually maliciously edited news and not true. 
From now on, I'm going to collect all cases and explain to you at once every day or every other day by myself, not in the way I deal with cases collected though my secretaries one by one.
For double parking and illegal parking at bus stops and near crosswalks, the police, the district and the military will joinly conduct crackdown on illegal parking.
As to support for grain provided to 105 center for senior citizens installed and reported in Yeoncheon County, they has increased the amount from 7 bags per center to 10 bags for 7 months.
The model comes with a fifth-generation 512Gb 3-bit V-NAND, 10-nano-class 2GB LPDDR4 mobile DRAM, a Phoenix controller that increases heat-resistance effects with nickel coating and firmware optimized for speed improvement and self-temperature management.
Woo was nicknamed a "bikini climber" by posting photos on Facebook taken in her bikini swimsuit on top of the mountain.
On 10th, the city selected the project operator and approved the execution plan for Gyeongju City Plan Project (Hwangseong Park) and on 15th, the city applied for LH Corp.'s public land banking of LH to purchase private land.
To secure 35 billion won in budget needed to purchase private property, the city is working on a plan to use LH Corp.'s own funds to pay in installments within five years after the lump-sum compensation.
This year, about 90 undergraduates and graduates from each university will compete for ideas as developers, planners and designers under general themes of "environment and safety" and "silver industry" due to an aging society and special themes of "smart home living such as IoT (Thing of Internet) and AI (Artificial Intelligence.)
About 10 days before the Lunar New Year's holiday, citizens are buying marine products for ancestral rites at Jagalchiwi Market in Jung-gu, Busan on 23rd.
As government support is important for the R&D of small and medium-sized enterprises, it will be change its approach so that they give preference to tasks derived from various networks.
The government will establish an "Open Innovation Network" to promote small and medium-sized companies' open innovation and give preferential treatment of support to R&D tasks derived from it.
Those that give R&D support to tasks derived from Open Innovation Network will be exempted from the first evaluation and given additional points for a second evaluation. 
The Ministry of SMEs and Startups will also expand public sales routes and expand support funds so that the R&D results can lead to business performance of the small and medium-sized companies.
It works in the way that if the Ministry of SMEs and Startups recommends R&D excellent products to the Public Procurement Service, it will designate excellent procurement products with evaluations and help them agency sell products at the general shopping mall in Nara Market.
Over the past 10 months, the search party has carried out a total of 30 searches using drones, achieving results of finding missing people in the 6 ouf of 30 searches.
Center Lee Jong-hyun hurt his knee when he stepped on his teammate Ham Ji-hoon's foot while catching a rebound at the Orion match in Goyang on Dec. 30th.
To make matters worse, The line of guardians also collapsed as "Legend" Yang Dong-geun and Lee Dae-sung, who is performing better and better, respectively hurt his ankle and hamstring.
The tall foreign player DJ Johnson recoreded only 4.2 points and 3.2 rebounds this season, playing an average of only seven minutes in 18 games.
Lim Eun-joo, a 53-year-old female soccer player and former head of FC Anyang, will lead the professional baseball team, which is giving a refreshing jolt to the world of sports 
Kiwoom Heroes of the pro baseball league on 22nd cscouted the former head Lim to strengthen their front-line capabilities, which was unconventional in the korean baseball history.
Chiapas beat the 'Emperor' Roger Federer (38, 3rd) and the veteran Roberto Boutista Agut (30, 24th) 3-1 in both rounds of 16 and 8 of the competition.
The Incheon Environment Corporation (Chairman Lee Ju-ho) announced on the 23rd that it provided employees with 203 million won of Incheon E-Um Electronic Vouchers for the first time among public organizations and industry affiliates in the city.
It asked major daily newspapers articles for modification in 127 articles, 7 of which has been amended and it asked economics newspapers to modification in 53 articles, 12 of which has been amended.
Statistics show 4 articles from Kyunghyang Shinmun, 3 from Dong-A Ilbo, 2 from Hankook Ilbo, 1 for each from Hankyoreh,Kookmin Ilbo and Segye Ilbo were selected. 
Visitors can enjoy various masterpieces including the 12th century celadon pot and saucer from the Fitzwilliam Museum in England and the gold pot from the Boston Museum in the U.S.
What the society of intellectuals of Goryeo was like can be seen through the publication culture which invented the world's first metal type, painting and calligraphic works.
under the theme of event this year is "Connected By Drone," they will focus on the scalability of the drone industry that is being developed and connected with other industries in the era of the fourth industrial revolution.
The Trump administration is considering imposing oil export sanctions on Venezuela in the wake of anti-government protests," Bloomberg quoted sources as saying.
As this news spreads, social organizations in Jeungpyeong have formed a task force to prevent waste incineration plants and are taking full action.
Medical cards will contain the names and photos of drivers and their families, blood types, recent surgery details, allergies and medications being taken.
Currently, the small community's long-cherished project is being conducted by the joint design team (12 people in three classes of facility officials) in on-site surveys, measurement and and drawing.
SKINAL X Lab is planning to jump into the vietnamese market, coming up with its all cosmetic lines in the first Watson's store including the Return line, which is gaining favor in the U.S. and the Protect line that helps protect the skin from ultraviolet rays.

Firefighters are putting out a residual fire on a roof that sank in a fire at a wholesale market for agricultural and fisheries products in Samsan-dong, southern Ulsan, at around 2:01 a.m. on 24th.
The Ulsan Maritime Forum will consist of 140 people including maritime-related experts, university professors, journalists and businessmen and will conduct various researches to discover new projects on the use and development preservation of marine resources, including maritime policies, the maritime industry and marine tourism.
The main theme of the symposium will be introduced by Chung Myung-saeng, vice president of the Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Development Institute. Suh Kyung-seok, director of the policy planning division at the Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Research and Development Institute will talk about the first theme "A Plan to Link Ocean Science and Technology Development to Ulsan's Future Strategy" and Kim Jong-nam, professor of cruise tourism at Daekyung University, will make a presentation on the second theme "The Development Plan of the Ulsan Cruise Tourism Industry."
The MOU was made when Kim Sang-kyun, chairman of the Korea Railroad Corp., visited Indonesia in November last year, proposing to land minister Budi Karya to form a railway working group.
According to the city, what makes White-crowned Rice special and unique is that it preserved the taste and the nutrition of more than 80 percent of rice grains though ultra-precise processing technology. 
Our government is making all-out efforts to respond to Brexit and come up with measures to minimize any adverse impact on the economy.
Concerns are growing that the "no-deal Brexit" could become real after the U.K. House of Representatives voted down the Brexit agreement on 15th.
Against this backdrop, South Korea and the U.K. discussed ways to cooperate in various areas, including consular affairs, trade and aviation, to minimize the negative impact on bilateral economic cooperation and trade and investment relations in the director-general level talks.
The early conclusion of the Korea-British FTA is considered the most urgent issue between the two countries as it helps Korean companies' exports and is also positive for imports of British products into the Korean market.
As of last year, exports to Britain amounted to 6.36 billion dollars (About 7.183 trillion won), while imports from Britain amounted to 6.81 billion dollars (7.6918 trillion won.)
A help desk will be set up at the Korean Embassy in Britain to prevent companies operating in the U.K. from being affected in the this Brexit turmoil and a cooperative line with the British Foreign Ministry will be formed.
The two countries agreed to establish a hotline between the heads of South Korea and the U.K., quickly share the progress of Brexit and the possibility of Nodeal Brexit and continue to discuss preemptive countermeasures.
In this negotiation, the British side stressed the sincerity of the negotiations, describing it as the first discussion with foreign authorities since  the Commons voted down the Brexit agreement.
As a measure to stabilize the local economy during the Lunar New Year holidays, the city will promote local products, issue additional 20 billion won worth of Pohang Love Gift Cards, carry on a campaign to  promote consumption jointly between the private and public sectors, run a Love Tour of Traditional Market and hold events of shopping in traditional markets.
As a safety management measure, about 400 people will organize 15 emergency task forces in the city and distrcit offices and towns for five days so they can respond quickly to various disasters, accidents and accidents nd conduct a safety inspection of 41 multi-use facilities by 28th.
In addition, for the smooth flow near Jukdo Market and Pohang station, which are expected to be crowded with homecomers, they will 115 place and crack down on illegal parking near large retail stores and around the terminal.
As a measure of citizens' happiness, they will try to promote sharing for warm holidays, paying visits to the vulnerable and inspecting the dead zones of welfare with community security consultative organizaions.
A fire at Taiwan's state-run oil refiner CPC's diesel production facility in February last year, which led to problem in disel production, is cited as a major cause of increased demand for diesel imports.
Tanzania's liquid petroleum gas(LPG) carriers, the Kandihowa Maestro was enveloped in flames near the  russian Crimean Peninsula on the Kerch Strait sea on 22nd (Local time).
Williams lost to Karolina Pliskova (aged 27, 8th) in the quarterfinals of the 2019 Australian Open at Rod Laver Arena in Melbourne, Australia, Sunday (Korean time).
Djokovic, who entered the second set with a set score of 1-0 (6-1), took victory just 52 minutes into the match as Nishikori gave up the match after medical time.
The city has set the direction to the resident-driven small town regeneration project, which reflects as much as possible the wishes and ideas of residents as possible and allows residents to participate in the project from the initial stage of devising the idea to revive the village.
The city will provide up to 4 billion won (90 % from the cities and 10% from the districts or counties) over three years to the areas selected as the "Together Village," an Incheon low-rise residential management project directly participated and led by indigenous people.
Incheon City are carrying foward a total of nine projects and five more areas will be selected by taking ideas from residents in the first half of this year and areas with excellent results will be selected as 'Together Village in the year 2020' with support.
Through the project, the city plans to strengthen residents' capacities, activate the community and focus its efforts on revitalizing the resident-centered vilige that gets along with residents of the original city center.
Hu, a luxury brand known to be favored by Chinese President Xi Jinping's wife Peng Liyuan, became the first Korean cosmetics brand to sell more than 2 trillion won in annual sales based on a single brand just 15 years after its launch.
In Venezuela, which has been plagued by nationwide anti-government protests, a 35-year-old young National Assembly speaker has vowed to form a transitional government and take over as interim president
In Venezuela, which is suffering from the worst economic crisis and political turmoil, Massive anti-government protests took place on 23rd to call for Maduro's resignation and re-election, who began its second six-year term on 10th
Contrary to the streotype that the stock firm's research center reports are likely to be hard and difficult, fad words and parodies are frequently used.
The stock firm's "title war" is the outcome made from fierce competition to stand out even a little more among hundreds of reports that pour out every day.
The FA contract, which started from 700 million won at the beginning and now even soared to over 10 billion won, is considered a great opportunity.
Pitcher Song Jin-woo became the first KBO player to sign a FA contract with Hanwha Eagles for three years at 700 million won in November that year.
As the players' ransom soared, the KBO made a rule in 2009 that the FA's annual salary should not be raised more than 50% year on year.
The following year, Lee Dae-ho broke the highest record of ransom in FA history, signing a four-year 15 billion won contract with his old team Lotte Giants when he returned to korean league from the Major League.
Last year, the KBO announced plans to improve the system such as limiting the total amount of FA contracts (up to 8 billion won over four years), limiting the deposit amount (within 30% of the total value of contracts), reducing the number of years of FA acquisition by one year and introducing a "FA rating system."
The first game at home was a 1-0 win so they could have advanced to the final even with a tie but they failed even though they were closer to the final.
Iran advanced to the semifinals, whopping China 3-0 in the quarterfinals at Mohammed bin Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates, on 25th (Korean time).
Iran's Azmun intercepted Feng Xiaoting's ball in the 18th minute and connected it to Taremi, who took over and scored the opening goal.
The Jeju Literature Museum is a place for collecting, organizing, and studying various literary resources, including the myths and legends of Jeju, and maritime literature, literature related to the April 3 incident and literature related to the Jeju residents living in Japan. 
Once the carrier is built, it can provide 3,300 residents of 17 islands in Boryeong, Hongseong and Seocheon with more stable and regular supply of living fuel.
The move comes after Pamicell's alcoholic cirrhosis stem cell treatment, "Sselgram-El," was placed on the list of conditional approval deliberation by the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety.
Conditional permission is a system that allows medical products that urgently need to be licensed for sale to treat cancer or rare diseases to be marketed only with two-phase clinical results.
In response, mayors and county heads agreed on the need for semiconductor-specialized clusters, promised full support and called for compliance with the volume-rate disposal systemsystem of factories in the metropolitan area, which is the last ditch to protect regional economy.
Currently, Gumi of North Gyeongsang Province, Yongin and Icheon of Gyeonggi Province and Icheon and Cheongju of North Chungcheong Province are in a fierce competence for launching SK Hynix's semiconductor-specialized cluster in their own area. 
As a result, Uiseong County plans to spend around 5.2 billion won on the total budget, including local expenses, to handle some of the waste dumps of more than 21,000 tons within this year.
Earlier on 23rd, officials, including Song Hyung-keun, head of the Environment Ministry's Natural Environment and Policy, visited the Uiseong's dumping mountain and discussed waste disposal measures with military officials including North Gyeongsang Province, Daegu Environmental Office and Uiseong County chief Kim Joo-soo.
Consumer sentiment in housing price outlook froze as real estate prices fell down due to the government's strict real estate policy and related loan regulations.
The CSI (Consumer Sentiment Index) for the housing price outlook went down to 91, marking the lowest level ever since January 2013, when the central bank began recording related statistics.
The CSI (Consumer Sentiment Index) below 100 means that the outlook for housing prices to fall is higher than the outlook for housing prices to rise in a year.
Among the nine remaining players, Kiwoom Kim Min-sung and Lee Bo-geun still have a chance to transfer but depending on the situation, they could end up with one transfer only.
This means that the three worrying situations that could happen under the circumstance that the team still has the whip hand on the FA contract, except the first level players, can take place simultaneously this time.
The Trump administration plans to allocate a total of $7 billion to building the barrier in the event of declaring an emergency without congressional consent.
The amount is about $1.3 billion more than the $5.7 billion Trump, which was suggested to the Democratic Party as a compromise.
The administration's documents reportedly include omitting the environmental impact assessment process and exempting the application of contract-related laws in the name of an emergency.
Many critics that it is not right to declarea a state of national emergency and spend taxpayers' money without congressional consent to push ahead with building a border wall, which President Trump pledged in election.
Hwang In-beom's aggressive movement in the shape of triangle with the left sagged was a unique example that fully showed his aggressive talent.
Tottenham ended the overtime in a tie at 2 to 2 and but in the end lost in the penalty shoot-out in the second round of England's Caravao Cup semifinal against Chealsea in the early morning on 25th.
While watching the movie, viewers can choose various situations and even major issues on behalf of the main character, and the ending depends on their own choices as well.
Unlike the basic movie, which has a story line, such interactive content allows viewers to choose the next scene, which changes the movie's story according to their own.
Children can have stamps on their tour passports and hear explanations from professional commentators on major tasks of the city government in Ulsan.
Korea Free party Hong Joon-pyo publicly gave words of comfort to head of JTBC, Sohn Suk-hee, who is involved in an assault incident, via social media.
South Chungcheong Province held a ceremony at the provincial government building of South Chungcheong Province on 25th to launch the women's taekwondo team in South Chungcheong, attended by about 100 people, including South Chungcheong Province Gov. Yang Seung-jo, head of South Chungcheong Province Ministry of Culture, Sports Na So-yeol, member of a provincial assembly Kim Yeon, and chairman of the Korea Taekwondo Association Choi Chang-shin.
Outfielder Kim Dong-yup, who was traded to Lions at the end of last year, also received a 60.9 % pay hike, from 115 million won to 185 million won.
The Jeonju City Council earlier established the "Promotion Ordinance for Wearing Hanbok Culture" in 2016 and has been making various efforts to spread the culture of wearing hanbok.
Under this ordinance, those who wear hanbok on the fourth Saturday of every month and visit Hanok Village are given a 50% discount on ticket to Kyeonggijeon.
KT Wiz's Park Kyung-soo (35), LG Twins' Park Yong-taek (40) and NC Dinos' Mo Chang-min (34), who signed an FA contract earlier, had 2.6 billion won, 2.5 billion won and 2.5 billion won, and 2 billion won respectively.
In addition, the giant infielder Lee Hak-joo (aged 29) joining the team through the draft the 2019 first-year player draft may have affected Kim Sangsoo's contract.
32 cases of using undisclosed information, 12 cases of price manipulation, 15 cases of fraudulent transactions and 45 other cases of violation of reporting obligations were reported.
Financial Services Authority(FSA) intensively investigated and handled unfair cases involving those who have access to undisclosed important information, including the largest shareholders of listed companies and law firms.
Before the information was released, the former president C sold 3.45 million shares of its own held through 19 borrowed-name accounts of eight acquaintances.
Financial Services Authority(FSA) plans to regularly disclose cases that it believes need to be made public, including those that are likely to have great social ramifications, among the sanctions cases.
LG Electronics explained that its information processing capability has improved by more than 45 % compared to Snapdragon 845, making it easy and confortable to run high-resolution games and high-capacity apps on 5G smartphones at the same time.
As a result, many fans on the Internet appealed to see Choi on the PGA Tour and eventually he was invited to the PGA Tour's AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am, which will be held from the 8th.
Such is the case for Ivan Lakitich, Sergio Busquets, Denis Suarez, Felipe Coutinho, Artur Melu, Hafinya Alcantara, Serhi Shampair, Artur Vidal, Carles Alena and Raki Putz.
Critics say that if the rookie Frenkie de Jon fails to be selected for the starting line and more than a just moves around the bench, it would be like spending hundreds of billions of won just to set up a candidate line-up.
The complex will be equipped with a marine processing production room, a leased processing plant, a public research support office and an exhibition, promotion and sales center to perform multi-functions for marine food processing.
As a waste incineration company in Bookyi, Cheongju, North Chungcheong seeks to expand incineration, calls for opposition from residents living in a nearby county called Jeungpyeong, have been growing louder.
As expected, Bento have placed Kim Seung-gyu for the goalkeeper position for five consecutive games since his first game against the Philippines (1-0 win) on 7th.
In the press conference ahead of the round of 16 match against Qatar on 23rd, Cho Hyun-woo also expressed a little sadness that he had not yet to step on the ground.
Cho Hyun-woo could have felt bad since he was excluded from the starting line for tactical reasonsespite his remarkable performance at the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia last year but this shows great maturity in him.
As more and more players got injured, there were external problems such as medical staff related personnel issues but the bigger happen in the ground.
They failed to find space against opposing defenders, who kept the vertical defensive line tight, and tried to turn to the side but ended up with the meaningless crosses only. 
Almoez Ali, who topped the list as the leading scorer of this competition with 7 goals in the previous 4 matches, also did not show any threating attacks.
A powerful shot he hits after catching the ball from the left side and entering the penalty box arch area is the play he is the most confident about.
Unfortunately the time that dissappointed soccer fans was now when the soccer popularity reached the peak and the spring breeze blew at the K-League stadium, which had been struggling to secure the number of paid attendance.
Altogether, age is still the biggest consideration but as durability is important, three-year contracts are on the rise instead of four years.
The members stressed that public transportation is an issue that cannot be ignored in terms of convenience and economy of citizens and that the government should continue collecting a wide range of opinions and simulating to minimize predictable problems and confusion in the early stages of implementation before its implementation.
In this situation, the U.S. is reportedly pushing forward a Security Council statement that it would recognize only Venezuela's parliament as an institution elected by democratic procedures.
Yangju Mayor of Gyeonggi province Lee Seong-ho chaired the debriefing discussion on major projects in the new year, attended about 50 officials including senior officials at the City Hall's situation room on 25th.
In the debriefing discussion, which was held to lay the groundwork for preemptive responses to major issues through communication and sympathy, they discussed the implementation problems and measures for a total of 57 projects, including 26 major pending projects in the city and 31 focal projects.
With the Lunar New Year holiday about a week away, the Bujeon Market in Jin-gu, Busan, is crowded with citizens who came out to buy various goods for ancestral rites.
About two weeks before the Lunar New Year's holiday, citizens at a fruit shop in Banyeo Agricultural Wholesale Market in Haeundae-gu, Busan are picking the ripe fruits for gifts.
Last month, the city formed a "Board Memebers Recommendation Committee" to select executives of the Daegu Social Service Organizaion and four applicants for 1 representative position, 38 for 13 director positions, and 2  for 1 auditor position showed their interest.
The inspection of the sewage system will be carried out on all the sites of Jeongok-ri and Eundae-ri in Jeongok-eup until the 31st of this month, and through the CCTV and smokescreen inspection and visual inspection, they will execute service improvement on a 786m of sewage system and 54 drainage equipments.
It is planning to invest 800 million won in the project and check damages, misconnections and separation of joints in the sewage system before the rainy season to complete work by the end of December to reduce the inflow of water into the sewage system.
After wearing baron buff, they advanced to the main base of Damwon again and won a large number of kill points, destroying the Nexus.
According to local media, Lives of those who are buried in the mud are all at risk as all the waste from the mine stored in the dam has slided down.
The Consumer Citizens' Association, a consumer group, said it collected 50 Iberico black pig products from 44 restaurants and distribution stores in Seoul and executed a discrimination test and found that five products were not black pigs.
Three dams collapsed at the dam near Brumadinho, Minas Gerais in the southeastern part of Brazil on 25th
Jeju Island said on 28th that its survey on the use of public transportation last year showed that an average of 171,104 people used public transportation per day, growing by 10.8% in the previous year to 62.45 million people.
During this period, 82.8 % of the total users used transportation cards and the using rate of transportion cards grew by 10.7% from 72.1% in 2017.
The number of people using public transportation in Jeju was high at 99.42 million in 1991 but it fell down to the 60 million in 1998 due to an increase in the number of private drivers and the decrease continued thereafter.
In response, the military will hold the second round of a evaluation for 3 hours starting from 2 p.m. on 30th and sell products at a low price along with a tasting of products from the joint workplaces of Heebok Village, which has its own color.
The fair will feature Cheonggukjang, soybean pastes, korean traditional scacks, dumplings, natural dyeing, flower tea, Gangjeong, Jocheong, perilla oil, dried radish greens, home-made Tofu, hibiscus powder, pickled food and rice bread produced by local residents from 16 villages of six towns during this winter.
The Heebok Joint Workplace project began in 2016 to generate more revenue for farmers and enhance the sense of community through joint workplaces in the wintertime when there are less jobs due to the nature of the military region, where agriculture and tourism are the main business.
Ryu-Hyunjin, who accepted the Dodgers' qualifying offer last year, has been working on his personal training to prepare for the season during his two-month stay in Korea.  
On 26th, Director Lee earlier attended a "Korea-Vietnam art exhibition" co-hosted by the South Korean Embassy in Vietnam and the Korean Cultural Center and discussed expansion on exchanges and cooperation in higher education with Kim Ambassador in Korean Embassy in Vietnam Kim Do-hyun, and president of Korean community in Hanoi Yun Sang-ho, 
Currently, The city has placed sandbags in 1,217 snow removal boxe at major intersections and bridges, and plans to operate a snow removal system for 287 vulnerable points.
According the survey, 24.9% of citizens see crime prevention as the most important in policing for the Busan police this year, followed by the estalishment of law and order (21.2%) and traffic-order (20.6%), patrol reinforcement (17.6%) and a leading role for adolescents (15.1%).
The city has proposed to the Justice Ministry that the quota for the foreign seasonal worker project introduced this year, which is limited to 4 currently, be expanded 8 workers for each employer.
When blisters burst in the hands, feet or mouth, they release a huge amount of virus inside, infecting other animals around them.
With the enactment of the ordinance, Yeongdeungpo-gu has laid the foundation for designating the so-called a "racoon alley" in the Yeouido Stock Street, a representative smoking street, as a non-smoking area.
As "Non smoking areas within 10 meters from the boundaries of kindergartens and daycare facilities" was set in the National Health Promotion Law at the end of last year, Seoul's districts are promoting the anti-smoking guidance for those areas.
According to the design, there will be significantly big changes in the road lines or environment, with 10 lanes reduced to six lanes and the interjection in front of Gwanghwamun moved 170 meters away.
Given Chairman Jerome Powell Yeonjun's recent "waiting" remarks, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC)'s meeting held on 29th to 30th (Local time) is likely to give a positive factor for the stock market.
Comments left by Senior Lee Dong-gook to Kim Min-jae (Hyundai, North Jeolla Province), who expressed his opinion on the transfer to the Chinese league, are being issued on the Internet.
There were also a series of supportive comments from fellow players from his team, Lopez, Baek Seung-ho playing for Spain's Girona and Lee Seung-woo playing for Verona in Italy.
After Shim Suk-hee, a short track speed star skater, said that she was repeatedly sexually assaulted by her coach Cho Jae-beom, former judoka Shin Yoo-yong also revealed that she was raped by her coach when she was a judo player.
Kiwoom Heroes also should not made an error of letting their playesr to the first division early intensly obessed with scores, as shown in Ahn Woo-jin's violence in the last year.
Chungju, North Chungcheong Province, announced on 20th that the 48th National Sports Festival and the 2019 National Masters Athletics Competition will be held at Chungju Stadium for five days from May 2nd to 6th.
About 1,500 athletes in a total of 166 games events, including middle, high school, high school, university and general departments, will participate in the National Sports Festival and perform at Chungju Sports Complex.
The application name registered as "manufactured" on the Procurement Service's bid participation certificate and any Procurement Service's inspection or professional organization's inspection within the last year are required to apply.
National Security Council (NSC) Presidential Aide John Bolton and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin announced at a White House briefing on 28th (Local time) that they imposed sanctions against Venezuela's state-run oil company, including a freeze on assets and a ban on money transfers.
For the team that faces Espanyol, they feel easy because it will not be a difficult game as long as the team blocks Iglesias closely.
More questions are arising after a note from U.S. National Security Presidential Aide John Bolton was found that it looked like he has already have considered sending U.S. troops to end the Venezuelan crisis.
Ulsan City said on 29th that its "Multicultural Family Export Helper Support Project," which is being implemented to support overseas marketing for local small and medium-sized companies, has made great achievements.
The project is designed to help married immigrants from multicultural families who are fluent in Korean to work as professional agents in exploring overseas markets for local small and medium-sized enterprises.
Last year, 10 multicultural agents from four countries -- China, Japan, Vietnam and Russia -- were sent to a total of 10 companies.
They spent about nine months working to support exports, achieving $19 million in counselling and $3.39 million in making contracts
Judging that they need someone who responds continously, the company hired the multicultural agent as a full-time employee, who works 20 hours a week.
Among them, the North Chungcheong railway high speed proejct, which is a major project that will connect Gangwon Province, Chungcheong to Honam, was included in the list of exceptions.
When the Cheonan-Cheongju Airport double track electric railroad project is completed in 2022 and the project to build the Cheongju Airport-Jecheon high-speed system is completed in 2026, a stepping stone for the North Chungcheong Province's plan to advance to the Eurasian continent, will be set.
The city drew the winning case through legal advice from lawyers and legal staff and through circumstantial materials such as from the National Library of Korea and past newspaper articles, government gazettes and court precedents.
This year, the company plans to focus on finding municipal property by wrapping up on the square meters of 23 lots worth 13.4 billion won and filing more than 50 additional suits.
The outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in Anseong, Gyeonggi Province, ahead of Lunar New Year's Day, has put livestock quarantine authorities in the province on alert., including Jincheon County, North Chungcheong Province.
Starting the next month, the city will send a paper wreath worth 15,000 won to the weddings and burial flags to funerals, instead of giving cash gifts to employees from business operating expense. 
The world's first wireless tram is a new technology developed through national R&D projects and unlike existing trams, it runs on batteries so doesn't require installing public cable.
While most of other local governments' exemption projects are related to metropolitan areas, the Daejeon Tram project is a balanced development project in Daejeon that circulates five districts in Daejeon.
Since the city has already secured 5 billion won for design costs, including 3 billion won from state funds, it plans to complete the ongoing administrative procedures such as approval of changes to the basic plan for urban railroads in the first half year and start designing in the third quarter.
a U.S. delegation led by U.S. Envoy in Afghanistan, Jalmei Khalilzad, earlier had six days of peace negotiations with the Taliban in Doha, Qatar, starting from 21st.
The event began with announcing the opening of the Tech Safe system, screening promotional videos, introducing Gibbo's work of technology protection and demonstrating the system.
Adding the bonus based on their performance, which was given for the best sales record last year, is equivalent to 85% of the annual salary.
In December last year, the company decided to pay special bonuses of up to 500% of the basic salary to executives and employees in the semiconductor division as they achieved their maximum performance.
IM (IT and Mobile) Business Department, which is in charge of smartphones and others, will receive 46% of its annual salary as an incentive, even not reaching 50%, due to sluggish sales of Galaxy Note 9s and others released last year.
Jindo County said on 29th that "Jindo Kim," the region's leading fishery resource, won the grand prize in the 2019 evaluation of the best brand of consumers.
To maintain the good quality of the seaweed, Jindo County continuously monitors the sea water,  nutritional salinity concentration and water temperature at laver farms and provides fishermen with the  laver leaf analysis and data to prevent them from mud diseases.
While Yoon Suk-min has been sluggish for three consecutive years, unable to play the whole of 2017, Jang Won-jun' performance jumped up in the final year of his FA contract.
The constructor decided to withdraw the project for the redevelopment of the Seosan Ontsan district along with the controversy over independent Sohn Hye-won's alleged real estate speculation in Modern Culture Space Mokpo, South Jeolla Province. 
On 28th, the city launched a Pohang eco-friendly school lunch review board and decided on support target, scope and methods for the mandatory school lunch and eco-friendly agricultural products project.
In the video, Imari appeared in a costume she worn when she was cheering in the quarterfinal match between South Korea and Qatar at the 2019 United Arab Emirates Asian Cup on 25th
Imari earlier cheered for Qatar when South Korea and Qatar fought for a ticket to the semifinals, , which drew media attention at home and abroad.
The U.S., which leads Maduro's resignation movement by recognizing head of the legislature's opposition and President of the National Assembly Juan Guaidó as a "temporary president," has put a lot of pressure, even citing "military options."
The EU earlier said it would recognize President of the National Assembly Juan Guido a "temporary president unless Maduro holds another presidential election.
In a statement in the name of Secretary of State Mike Pompeii, the Trump administration said it recognizes Carlos Alfredo Becquio, a figure on President Juan Guido side, as Venezuela's ambassador to the United States.
It was to prevent military unrest in advance as Colonel Jose Luis Silva, a high-ranking official in Washington, publicly declared his support for President Juan Guido.
Ssangyong Motor unveiled its plan to launch a new model of its Sport utility Vehicle (SUV) "Korando" and released a teaser image that graphically depicts the car's name and exterior design.
the Korea Newspapers Association said on 28th that it has published "teachers' guidebook for career education using newspapers" to activate career education in schools. 
Yang Hong-suk recorded his first triple-double since his debut in the professional basketball league,making 13 points, 12 rebounds and 12 assists against the Samsung Lions in the 2018-2019 professional basketball league at Jamsil Indoor Stadium in Seoul on 29th
The 4 tiger cubs in the video come up to the top of the hill and play with each other, making the viewers feel happy.
Siberian tigers are the same species of Korean tigers that we commonly call Mt. Baekdu tigers and they are also called Amur tigers and are the largest existing tigers.
Participants included president of the Christian Council of Daejeon Ahn Seung-chul, Dajeon Mayor Huh Tae-jung, Daejeon City Council Chairman Kim Jong-cheon, Daejeon Education Superintendent Seol Dong-ho, members of the National Assembly Park Byung-seok and Park Beom-gye and head of the Daejeon Police Agency Hwang Un-ha.
The Holy City movement is a campaign to make the whole city full of God's holiness under the slogan "All churches deliver the gospel to all citizens."
National Security Council (NSC) Presidential Aide John Bolton and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin announced at a White House briefing on 28th (Local time) that they imposed sanctions against Venezuela's state-run oil company, including a freeze on assets and a ban on money transfers.
Market research firm Counterpoint Research said on 29th that while overall smartphones fell 2% from 2017, the market for premium smartphones worth over $400 grew 18%
As VR game markets are expected to grow rapidly after commercialization of 5G in March, enterenterprises are scrambling to dominate markets.
Ssangyong won in the last year and this year in a row with "Rxton DKR" at the world's most prestigious off-road car racing competition that is held in January every year.
Security guards, facility managers and drivers with long breaks during work hours are subject to the comprehensive wage system, but this has also been applied to the IT labor community.
In advanced countries, RFP's requirements have been subdivided so that each required function can be checked for necessity and choice and a review can be made on proposal after checking.
A number of students from the national defense department of a university in Busan who cheated on the Chinese character qualification test, professors who allowed them to do it and officials from the the exam-organizer were handed over to the prosecution.
Sixty-one students who took the test were accused of cheating in groups by sharing their answers through group chat rooms using mobile phones on the spot after searching their answers on the internet.
Various PvP contents are seen as popular factors such as RvR ‘20:20 Occupation Match', which shows a distinctive competitive structure, '1:1 Death Match' and '5:5 Team Battle'
POSTECH said on the 30th that a team led by Professor Jung Sung-joon and Dr. Kwon Ji-min of Creative IT Convergence Engineering Department and Professor Cho Kil-won of Chemical Engineering Department succeded in implementing the world's most integrated printed flexible semiconductor circuit with 3D printing technology with Professor Tokito and his team of Yamagata University in Japan.
The research team succeeded in printing electronic devices and circuits in 3D layers by applying 3D printing technology to semiconductor printing technology.
It is expected that  electronic devices and circuits on top of plastic in layers through 3D stacking techniques will increase the integration of semiconductors, thus contributing to the commercialization of flexible electronic circuits that require a large number of transistors.
Five days before the Ipchun on 30th afternoon, red apricots in full bloom in the front yard of Woljeongsa Temple in Ora 2-dong, Jeju are giving a feel of spring.
In February, North Gyeongsang Province will make a request to the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism for consultations on its application to be selected as a special tourism zone and will undergo an on-site inspection in March before getting an approval to designate a special tourist zone in Pohang's Yeongil Bay in April.
Once the city is approved as Special Tourist Zone, it will come up with measures to making a 'Street of Light' at the Yeongildae beach along with the POSCO night view, develop the Songdo beach and promote the Hwanho park.
It plans to collect private capital of 10 billion won to install a over 80-meter-tall large Ferris wheel and create a kids club and a water park to create Ocean Themeland.
It tentatively agreed on the investment agreement as the first and second largest shareholders on the construction of of a plant in Gwangju that can produce 100,000 units of cars on the premise of "Gwangju-style jobs" to lower wages and increase jobs.
The meeting, attended by chairman of the Federation of Korean Trade Unions of Gwangju headquarters Yoon Jong-hae, chairman of Gwangju Employers Federation Choi Sang-joon, and head of the Citizens' Coalition for Economic Justice Baek Seok, will be the first meething since investment talks with Hyundai Motor broke down a day before the agreement could have made on 5 last year.
If the tentative agreement is accepted by the local labor group and passed by the labor-management-civilian council, the city will have an investment agreement ceremony with major political figures from the ruling and opposition parties attended on 31st.
It is said that the city and Hyundai Motor have reached a compromise on the "delay of payment and labor collective agreement " clause, which has been a barrier to the investment agreement in the last closed door negotiation.
The tentative agreement reportedly added that as the local labor group claimed, the clause does not mean the delay of payment and labor collective agreement for 5 years or until it produces 350,000 units of cars.
Earlier Mayor Lee Yong-sup attended the regular convention of representatives held at the Federation of Korean Trade Unions' Gwangju headquarters to plea to support the "Gwangju-style jobs" project.
According to the agreement, the city of Gwangju, the largest shareholder of the complete car joint venture, will invest 59 billion won, which is 21% of its equity capital 280 billion won and Hyundai Motor, the second-largest shareholder, will invest 19% or 53 billion won.
The city and Hyundai will spend 700 billion won, including 420 billion won in loans from the financial world to build a complete car plant where about 1,000 regular workers produce 100,000 small-sized SUVs annually.
It is expected that air quality in South Korea will better from 'good' to 'normal' for the time being due to high atmospheric that is moving eastward from the central China.
Cheongju City, North Chungcheong Province, said on 30th that it has set 3.5 trillion won as this year's target of investment to attract and decided to its full attention on efforts to attract investment by establishing a comprehensive plan to attract investment.
The city plans to visit and consult companies are willing to invest in the aging industrial complex in the capital region and give an investment briefing to attract more investments and increase funding to promote investments.
They will let them fully understand that Cheongj is a major transportation hub stretching in all directions, which has two-hour access from anywhere in the country, including Osong KTX station and Cheongju airport and the center of national strategic business with six major state-run health and medical institutions.
A group of fish have been found dead in Menindi, a town in western New South Wales state, Australia, according to the Guardian newspaper on 29th.
The city said it has found 188 cases, including 52 new projects, as major projects to secure the state budget in 2020 and set 1.8 trillion won as a target.
Saeden Church's Minister So Kang-seok, MinisterAhn Joon-bae and Minister Kim Chang-kwon came to pay their respects to Kim Bok-dong at Shinchon Severance Hospital in Seodaemun-gu, Seoul in 30th afternoon.
James Harden (aged 30, Houston Rockets) has been on a blistering scoring pace all season, aiming to win the MVP for the second consecutive year.
Rehabilitation has blown the whole of his 2017 season and he had to be stigmatized as "eat-poo" for leaving a poor performance with eight losses, 11 saves and a 6.75 ERA in the last season.
Amid the first outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease this winter, quarantine officials are carrying out quarantine work at a shelter in Byeongcheon-myeon, Cheonan, South Chungcheong Province.
Followed by Geumgwang-myeon in Anseong, Gyeonggi Province, which was confirmed to have foot-and-mouth disease the previous day, a suspicious report filed in Yangseong-myeon, Anseong-si on the same day was also confirmed positive, putting local governments on alert ahead of the Lunar New Year holiday.
The general affairs section with the civilian monitoring room and the broadcasting room on the first floor of the main building and the elevator in the vice-governor's room the task force comittee used will be removed.
The traces of bullets on outside the building of the former Jeolla Police Agency and the former South Jeolla Provincial Government, which were newly discovered during the service period, will also be restored to iteir original states.
To create quality jobs by attracting blue-chip companies and become a new industrial city in the central inland region, the city is implementing various initiatives, providing corporate suppot funds and investment promotion subsidies.
As global TV manufacturers are continuously unveiling large display products that support 8K resolution, the competition between companies for prior occupation of the market is expected to become fierce.
To properly implement 8K that has many pixels, it requires the technology that transmit high-capacity data to display panels in real-time.
The Jeju World Heritage Headquarters announced on 29th that it will invest 55.8 billion won in a total of 268 projects this year to maintain the status of UNESCO's triple crown and and to systematically excavate and to make best use of Jeju's natural and cultural heritage.
It is also planning to strengthen its foundation for creating future value of natural resources by investing in historical and cultural asset preservation projects, natural cultural asset management and maintenance projects and Mount Halla research.
This is how the first model of job creation was made, which is based on a great compromise between labor, management, civilian and government.
It has been four and a half years since then Gwangju mayoral candidate Yoon Jang-hyun at that time announced his pledge in June 2014 to create 10,000 good jobs in Gwangju and seven months since Hyundai Motor submitted a letter of intent for investment to the city.
At the end of last year, the council approved a revised bill, which included the 40-hour work week with the annual salary of 35 million won and an annual production of 100,000 units but it was scrapped just before Hyundai refused to do so.
The BOE, which raised the yield to more than 10% in the third quarter of last year, will see its yield exceed 50% by the end of this year, according to the DSCC.
As China has also recently succeeded in producing large OLED panels using next-generation technologies, and LG Display, which is dominating the global market for large OLED displays for TVs, is  becoming nervous.
According to the industry, BOE recently succeeded in developing its first 55-inch 4K OLED display by utilizing inkjet printing technology.
Just as the Chinese government beat South Korea in liquid crystal display(LCD), it has set a goal of strengthening competitiveness in OLED as well, through enormous investment and mass production.
Even under such circumstances, it increased their shipments to 2.9 million units per year for large OLEDs and achieved surplus in the second half of last year just 5 years after its release.
In other words, with only 30 million won or more, including cash and stocks, you will be allowed to apply via the stock firm's home trading system(HTS) and make KONEX transactions.
With Small investment-only accounts, you can invest without basic deposits but there was some inconvenience because you can make only KONEX transations.
The Incheon Port Authority (President Nam Bong-hyun) held a working-level meeting with the Ongjin County Office and the Incheon Port Facility Management Center on 29th to jointly explore ways to enhance convenience and improve the environment of the Incheon Port's coastal passenger terminal.
The working-level meeting was attended by team leaders and working-level officials from each organization, where they exchanged views on how to improve customer service and discussed taking actions for more effective collaboration in the future.
Through the service this time, the company will deliver detailed operation plans, scale and feasibility for the parking tower and will push forward the construction project based on results after the first half of the year when the service is completed.
In addition, both the authority and Ongjin County Office will also seek for ways to sign a business agreement as part of the establishment of the cooperative system to improve the customer service at the coastal passenger terminal.
Ahead of the Lunar New Year's Day, merchants at the fruit market in Garak-dong, Songpa-gu, Seoul are busy preparing to auction fruits.
Eumseong-gun, North Chungcheong Province said on 31th that the application to build Yongsan General Industrial Complex in North Chungcheong Province was approved, which has been the biggest long-cherished project for local residents since 2006.
Son Heung-min scored his ninth goal in the league and showed off his robustness although there were some concerns that he may suffer reduced stamina of constant participation in 2019 United Arab Emirates Asian Cup.
Eriksen started out as one of the three-top but immediately came down to the second line to draw the opponents' defense down, focusing on giving Son Heung-min and Yorente space.
The project aims to provide healthy food for residents in the province and contribute to stabilizing income of farming households by securing the stable number of consumers for eco-friendly agricultural products.
North Jeolla Province said on 30th that an H7 strain of avian influenza was detected in a wild bird's excrement collected from the Mangyonggang River in Iksan on 28th.
Despite a 1-0 win over Chelsea in the first game, the team lost the second game 1-2 in a desperate fight that went into the shoot out.
Since winning or losing the match with Syria and Lebanon doesn't affect much, the two matches are also good opportunities to carry out various experiments.
Chairman Seo Jae-won and other chairmen of North Gyeongsang Province agreed that the government should make a breakthrough in the local economy by launching SK hynix in Gumi, as the government is pushing forward well-balanced national development, in which the entire region lives well and evenly.
This is 1.4 billion won more than the 4.7 billion won funds that they collected in "2018 Sharing Campaign" last year, which seems to be thanks to the interest and participation of residents in northern Gyeonggi Province who have thought of their neighbors in need despite the difficult economic situation.
As the increase in regular individual donors and small and medium-sized corporations' participation in donations helped them achieve their fundraising goals, it's more meaningful.
Head of The Ministry of Patriots & Veterans Affairs Pi Woo-jin visis the Daejeon National Cemetery in Daejeon ahead of the Lunar New Year's holiday on 31th afternoon and pays tribute to the unattended.
The key is to maintain the working conditions of an initial salary of 35 million won for 44 working hours a week until the company achieves the goal of producing 350,000 units of vehicles ( 70,000 units in the lowest anually)
This is full of suggestion in that it is less than half of the average annual salary of Hyundai-Kia(around 90 million won)  and far from the Hyundai Motor's initial salary of 55 million won.
During the negotiation, Gwangju City and Hyundai Motor decided to maintain the decision of the labor-management council until the it meets its accumulated production of 350,000 units in order to stabilize the new corporation at an early date.
The move comes after the Donald Trump administration handed over the control of Venezuelan government assets in the U.S. to President of the National Assembly Juan Guido
The State Department recently took the action out of concern that Maduro could use money from Venezuelan government-owned bank accounts in private.
Samsung earlier announced a series of 256GB eUFS 2.0 in February 2016 and 512GB eUFS 2.1 in November 2017, starting with the 128GB capacity mass production of eUFS 2.0 for mobile devices in January 2015.
In October last year, Yokichi also succeeded in achieving a triple double with more than 30 points and a 100% fielding rate without even one single error.
If the two previous players are stars who have taken their secure places in recent years in their respective positions, Dallas Mavericks Donchi is a mega rookie who has appeared like a comet in the NBA.
In the game against the Detroit Pistons on 26th, he also led a stunning come-from-behind victory, contributing to all 11 points at the end of the fourth quarter with scores and assists.
System LSI and foundry sales also fell due to image sensors and slow demand for APs that are caused by seasonal off-season of major products such as smartphones.
Four items, including vehicles and steel and new export growth engine items, such as secondary batteries, showed relatively positive results.
The Supreme Court, the Chuncheon District Court and the Chuncheon District Prosecutors' Office have sent an official document to the Chuncheon municipal government on 31st to announce their final decision  after reviewing the candidate sites for new office building under on-the-site inspection on 15th.
People have experienced great inconvenience as there are many cars surrounding each side of the road or parked illegally in the vicinity of the Chuncheon District Court and the Chuncheon District Prosecutors' Officeon the day of trial or auction.
The meeting was atteneded by Dien Company CEO Roh Kap-yong and its key executives and Chinese partner company Shanghai Hongman CEO Ko Myung and its key executives as well.
In addition, the two companies agreed to achieve the top in the diversified HA filler market by engaging in aggressive marketing activities in on-off line markets through active communication and discussion.
Providing 200 bags of rice for Chuseok in 2006, the steel deparment has donated 8,400 bags of rice to  help neighbors in need and its seven business partners have participated in the rice sharing event since 2012.
This year, it is expected to get an innovative result by investing a total of 705.9 billion won, including 410 billion won from the main budget, 123.5 billion won from the typhoon's disaster recovery project and 172.4 billion won from other agencies' projects, including the large SOC project.
Choi Kyung-ju finished tied for 71st with even-par 71 in the first round of the PGA Tour's Waste Management Phoenix Open at Scottsdale Golf Club in Arizona on 1st (Korean time).
The fundraising campain in the province recorded 15.35 billion won, reaching 91.5% of 16.77 billion, the initial target it had set.
Last year, both the number and the ratio of unkind services reported increased and among a total of 960 complaints filed for inconvenience, 385 cases or 40.1%  were reported for unkind services.
The city held a meeting with the taxi industry and the taxi union and came up with solutions to publishing it in the city's gazette and sending it to taxi operator by registered mail before it's implemented.
The former football GM Lim drew attention when she was appointed last month as the first female to be a GM in the history of professional baseball league professional who was also former football player.
Marie Colvin, an American journalist who worked as a foreign affairs correspondent for the British newspaper The Sunday Times, died on Feb. 22, 2012 after being shelled by government forces at a media center in Syria's second-largest city of Holmes.
Among those, $2.5 million belongs to the bereaved and $300 million is for the punitive damages for targeting a journalist exposed to the danger and killing her.
Gathering up all the testimonies, the court pointed out that Colvin was a victim to the media policy called "the enemies of the state" implemented by the Syrian government.
Marie Colvin, a journalist who worked as a journalist for the British newspaper The Sunday Times, mainly had covered news in conflict areas of Kosovo, Chechnya, East Timor and Libya in the 1990s.
The agreement finally came through after two complications in June and December last year, attended by President Moon Jae-in and government officials, major politicians and business leaders and also 400 citizens and students.
It added a clause that the grace period for payment and labor collective agreement can be adjusted in case that the business situation gets better or they make profits with the existing clause for the delay of payment and labor collective agreement still valid.
It seems that they try to hold their own clause as Hyundai Motors can take their real profit by raising wages based on the rate of inflation for a certain period of time while the labor group get a safeguard that can protect them from the delay of payment and labor collective agreement.
The city of Gwangju, which will be the largest shareholder, will take the role of coordinating and mediating labor-management issues through the Labor-management Civil Affairs Council and a newly formed the Committee for Arbitration and Coordination.
Behind the government's desire to expand Gwangju-style jobs remains an unsolved problem in the Korean economy, which is the depression in major industries.
It is also expected that if Hyundai Motor`s complete car plant proves themselves effective in creating more jobs and improving productivity, large companies, which had been reluctant to invest in Korea, will invest in Korea again.
Salt and chemicals also have a certain standard under Wastes Control Act and food and waste from f ood and drink meets the criteria so it is not illegal to use them as a source of fertilizer.
Ssangyong Motors published on 31st that its sales rose 6.01% to 3.7048 trillion won last year, the largest increase in its history.
Following the earnings recovery, Ssangyong Motors reinstated 71 of its laid-off workers in the year 2009 in their former positions and hired 105 new employees, considering 34 voluntary resignations. 
Ssangyong Motors was able to reinstate the laid-off workers in the office because the labor-management relation has become stabilized without any conflits over the past nine years and they have continued to grow for the nine consecutive year in domestic sales, raising hopes to turn a profit. 
To let their voices heard better, they recently filed a petition asking for making a park at the site of Busanjin Station to the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Transport and the Busan Metropolitan Government and also held a civic convention.
According to the committee, the Korea Railroad Facility Management Corp. is seeking to build a 20-story complex on the site of Busan Jin Station, equipped with commercial facilities such as officetels, work facilities and a wedding hall.
Some say they should go to Europe, where there are so-called big leagues like the English Premier League, but realistic conditions realities are catching up with him.
According to the report, it was expected that Ryu would play in 17 games as a start this year with 88 innings, with a record of six wins, five losses and a 3.89 ERA.
Against Watford on March 31, Son proved himself ready, scoring a tying goal in the second half when the team were losing the lead.
Poople can see Shim Suk-hee, the victim of the sexual assault scandal in the sports world, skating again during this year's Lunar New Year holiday after overcoming the pains in the past 
Shim Suk-hee of Korea’s women’s short track skater will compete in the ISU Short Track Speed Skating World Cup competition in Dresden, Germany, from 1st to 3rd.
The Jeju provincial government announced on 31th that it will test-run a tour reservation system for the Seongpanak and Gwaneumsa courses, which allow visitors to climb Baekrokdam, the top of the five tour courses on Mount Halla, starting in October.
The number of visitors to Mount Halla is at 1.25 million in 2015, 1.06 million in 2016, 1 million in 2017 and 886,000 as of last December in 2018, which is about 1 million a year.
Despite the gradual decline in the number of tourists, there have been opinion continously that the number of visitors should be reduced since the capacity of Halla Mountain has already exceeded that of adequate capacity.
According to the Jeju provincial government's recent report on "Planning measures and management plans for visitors and the World Heritage Site," the largest daily number of visitors to Mt. Halla, which combines all five trails, the Seongpanak and Gwaneumsa courses, recorded 3,445 a day.
I didn't realize until I turned the age at which I can do whatever I want to do, which adults alwasys had told me not to.
A word that seems to be related to 'birth,' which means putting it out of your mother's body and the age is the number of years that you have been put in the world to live
歲 (Se) is added at the end of chinese number,meaning the number of years during which the earth moves round the sun and the Sal is the form of word changed from the old word 'sul' and used after the unique name. 
After a long period of a standstill,  Much anticipation has bene built for the business as the company launched research services in December 2016 with a budget of 165 million won.
Jeju Island's Seogwipo Maritime Police Station said on 2nd that it has seized a 160-ton fishing boat from China's Kangso Province, which operated without permission in South Korea's exclusive economic zone.
The Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, which examed the AI antigen from the a bird excrement in Miho Stream confirmed it to have been infected with low-pathogenic H5N3 strain of AI on 28th.
North Chungcheong Province had earlier set a 10-kilometer radius of the area as an  observation area after detecting AI, restricting the movement of poultry.
The county council earlier voted to expel Park and Kwon Do-sik in a closed-door vote, with eight people attending, except the member Park Jong-chul but rejected the expulsion of Chairman Lee Hyung-sik.
According to Ulsan Maritime Police, after receiving a call from a captain (aged 40), they dispatched a 50-ton patrol boat and an offshore rescue ship to the site and put off the fire with a fire extinguisher within 20 minutes.
The British daily newspaper The Sun recently reported that her ex-boyfriend, Sapet Hassanovic, 45, broke into the house of his 36-year-old girlfriend in Derbyshire, England and attacked her with a knife.
The daughter, who came down from the second floor after hearing her mother's screams, stood between her mother and him wielding a weapon and stopped all attacks from him.
South Korea's Air Force fighter jet used to carry out aerial spy missions against Chinese reconnaissance airplane that crossed into KADIZ and return after the reconnaissance airplane moved on to JADIZ.
The strategy is to continue its response flights within the KADIZ to prevent Chinese aircrafts from re-entrying KADIZ, even if our fighter jets don't cross into JADIZ.
Cho Hyun-woo, who has returned to South Korea and taken a rest after the Asian Cup, will head to Kunming, China, the training camp for the Daegu team, after the Lunar New Year holiday.
Yang's performance helped Hyundai Engineering & Construction beat KGC Insam Corp. 3-0 in the fifth round of the 2018-19 season V League at Suwon Indoor Stadium in Gyeonggi Province on 3rd.
Considering that it took 354 games for Hwang, who is the leading scorer with 5,417 points, to score 5,000 points, Yang is showing the faster scoring pace.
The fire was extinguishedby 119 people who were called out to the site in 25 minutes but people who visited the sauna for the Lunar New Year holiday had to evacuate there half dressed due to the alarm.
Richard Yoo, CEO of Consumer Products Group, who manages oversees the smartphone business, said that the foldable 5G smartphone will be announced at "Mobile World Congress 2019," the world's largest mobile exhibition to be held in Barcelona, Spain.
A man who was enjoying paintings at a museum crowded with visitors on a weekend afternoon, quietly walked out of the museum with a piece of work.
The man carried a painting by Russian landscape artist Arkhov Coinjie, which is known to be worth $1.1 billion
Wild card players can help clear the wall between generations and fill the insufficient positions to strengthen the team.
Hwang Ui-jo, Son Heung-min and Cho Hyun-woo, who were also selected as wild cards at the Palembang Asian Games in Jakarta last year, have all done their own part well.
Recently, Japan's national football team head coach Hajime Moriyas announced his plan to strengthen the players' bases and coordinate their schedules by confirming the list of wild cards early.
Suncheon City in South Jeolla Province, which is widely known at home and abroad for its Suncheon Bay National Garden and Suncheon Bay Wetlands, has designated this year as the "2019 Suncheon Visit Year" and is actively trying to attract tourists.
The city of Suncheon announced on 4th that it will run a travel agency dedicated to the city to mark the 70th anniversary and will carry out the project in earnest by mounting a publicity campaign of the city at home and abroad.
Suncheon City plans to take advantage of opportunities in Ramsar Wetland City's Network Conference and the World Wetlands Research Institute's Asia Conference, which are scheduled to be held in May, to promote the tourist city of Suncheon at home and abroad.
Currently, the Trump administration is pressing Maduro to step down, supporting National Assembly Chairman Juan Guido, who describes himself Venezuela's "interim president."
Wolverhampton remained seventh in the league with 38 points (11 wins, nine draws and five losses), while Everton fell to ninth in the league with 33 points (9 wins, six draws and 10 losses).
Infant sudden death syndrome refers to the sudden death of a newborn baby, whose cause can't be found at the time of his death or a postmortem.
Woollim Entertainment has recently filed a complaint for Lovelyz against those spreading false information and malicious slanders and engaging in harassment and defamation.
The current Premier League championship is a three-way battle between Manchester City with 59 points, Tottenham, which have played one more game with 57 points and Liverpool leading the way with 61 points.
Head Feyenggini took the helm of Manchester City in the summer of 2013 and immediately won the championship cup of the Premier League in his first season in the following year.
Affected by Trump's pressure, European countries officially recognized the Chairman of the National Assembly Juan Guido as Venezuela's interim president.
The location of the soccer general center will be decided by comprehensively evaluate the size of local governments and their financial independence, infrastructure such as transportation and medical services, climate conditions and local government support plans.
Ulsan is considered suitable for building a soccer complex as its competitive external infrastructure and  climate conditions.
Ulsan has seven international standard training centers, including Munsu Football Stadium, a 40,000-seat soccer-dedicated stadium, Seobu Stadium, Mipo Stadium, Gangdong Stadium, Munsu Auxiliary Stadium and Ulsan Sports Complex.
The city expects the establishment of the soccer complex, if built, will greatly help Ulsan emerge as an international soccer and cultural center and gain engines for the new growth through sports.
When the "birth support integrated center" opens in February this year, toy rental and baby café  servce will be provided, which is expected to improve the child care environment in the western part of Uiseong County, starting from Angye-myeon first.
Some forecast that Tottenham's franchise star Harry Kane in the English Premier League will return from injury next week.
It is because Fernando Llorente and Lucas Moura, who are replacing Kane, have failed to made satisfactory results.
The National Maritime Police rescued all 13 people, including 12 adults and a middle school student, who were trapped on the rocks on the seashore because they missed the high tide, along with civilian self-regulatory rescue boats and the defense fishing community at the Bangpo branch in Anmyeon.
It seems that many of them had a hard time finding their mother's waist bent more than during Chuseok when they were waving their hands until they could not see the car with their son and daughter-in-law's grandson in it on the last day of New Year’s holiday. 
The Institute for Health and Environment in Ulsan said on 6th that an indoor air quality test of a local senior welfare center showed that they were all at 'ideal level' under the standards for indoor air quality of multi-use facilities.
Starting with Goesan and Jeungpyeong, the academic conference tour will be held in Cheongju on March 22 , Okcheon on April 27, Yeongdong on April 29, Chungju and Eumseong on April 1, Jincheon on April 2, Boeun on 8 and in Jecheon and Danyang on April 17.
An omnibus-style singing performance regarding the March 1 Movement and the Independence Movement in North Chungcheong Province will be arranged by Cheongju Arts Association at 7pm at the Grand Concert Hall of the Cheongju Arts Center.
The installation art is installed in the sculpture of Jikji and Danjae Shin Chae-ho at the plaza of the Cheongju Arts Hall to, letting people walk along the artwork and reflect on the spirit of independence.
Another project will be carried out to restore the community for residents of Gangjeong Village in Seogwipo, who have been in conflincts with each other in the process of building a civilian-military complex in Jeju Island (Jeju Naval Base) 
The Jeju provincial government said on 6the that it will spend a total of 29 billion won on 23 projects, to strengthening its agricultural competitiveness and creat eco-friendly energy self-reliance villages in order to ease residents' inconvenience in Gangjeong Village and develop the region.
They included the Gangjeongcheon Clean Ecosystem Project, the restoration of the community, the study of outstanding overseas cases, the Gangjeong Coast Ecological Environment Survey and the cruise auxiliary facilities project.
Even though they were leading the game with the large score gap, 16-11, in the beginning of the first set, they eventuallly lost the game, losing concentration and leaving much to be desired in the game.
Huawei, which announced that it will introduce 5G foldable phones for the first time in the world at 'MWC 2019' in Barcelona, Spain, left hints about foldable phones though invitation of MWC event.
One might have written down what came to his mind whenever he had a conflict with someone unknown or whenever he felt the pain of creation.
On the 5th of last month, they received the online signature calling for 'an initiative to abolish the General Association of Female Students' through 'Every Time,' an online community for college students.
On 21st, the day before, the General Association of Female Students approved 'a bill on the independence of the General Association of Female Students' against the abolition at the general meeting held at the in-campus business hall.
The fire authorities are spraying the water to put out a fire at one of the hills in Nakan-myeon, Sunchon-si, Jeonnam at around 3:02 pm on 22nd.
A case in which China hacked Australian National University with industrial information and a case in which Chinese spies intercepted car trade secrets in Baden-Württemberg, Germany were also introduced.
Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and Philippine Foreign Minister Theodoro Roxin signed a memorandum of understanding(MOU) at the Philippine presidential palace in the evening of 20th, saying the two countries will cooperate in oil and gas development, local media reported on 21st.
A document released as a draft by Philippine Senator Antonio Trilaness said, "The joint exploration of crude oil in disputed waters shares the outcome of the joint exploration without affecting the two countries' territorial claims."
On 21st, in a report titled "Status of Single-State Export Companies and Export Performance Analysis," the Korea International Trade Association analyzed that 50.3 percent of "single-state exporters" exporting products to only one country could cause job instability due to their heavy export bias and a fall in the corporate survival rate.
Analysts say that while these companies account for only 2.3 percent of the total export amount, they account for 22.1 percent of the employment of the exporting companies, which would have a huge impact on the job market in the event of a trade dispute with their counterparts
It was a competiton between Woods (80 wins) and Mickelson (43 wins) who are ranked the first and the second on the PGA Tour among active players, and it drew attention from the stage of the match.
Woods is said to have a relatively superior position, but there might be variables affecting the result of the match such as his condition on the day.
On the 21st, the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education announced that it has revised and applied the 'Regulations on the Disposal of Audit Results and Points' on October 12, which breaks down the disposal of faculty members who are not fit to fill, correct or manage the student department.
The Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co. signed a business agreement with the government and local governments to promote the Saemangeum renewable energy project at the 'Saemangeum Renewable Energy Non-Position Ceremony' held in Gunsan, North Jeolla Province, on the 30th of last month.
Cheongju City in Chungcheong Province has successfully promoted the New Deal of Urban Regeneration, and is seeking its own urban regeneration image and development direction.
The city signed a basic agreement with LH (Korea Land & Housing Corporation) and Chungbuk Development Corporation, and declared the Urban Regeneration Charter, which contains the blueprint for the future city of Cheongju.
As shown by his record of 73 ball touchings and 58 passings in a match against Australia, he played the role of an engine  in the team.
He often fell to the side and forward passed to Hwang Ui-jo who was in the forefront, and immediately pressed the opposing strikers when they caught the ball from the side.
When Uzbek midfielders, who set a counter fire at the center of the field, failed to catch Hwang In-beom and formed a line down, South Korea took a numerical advantage in the midfield battle.
Under the strong pressure starting with Hwang In-beom from the midfield line, the Uzbeks had to put down the back line and form a regional defense system, which eventually led to a goal storm.
Given that Ki had already expressed his intention to retire once, the timing of him returning the Taegeuk mark is highly likely to be the end of the Asian Cup. 
A day after Lee Jung-ryul, a lawyer who accused Gyeonggi Province Gov. Lee Jae-myung's wife Kim Hye-kyung of violating the Public Official Election Act, made the remarks on a JTBC newsroom, JTBC reported that the smoking gun was an 'anchor briefing.'
Appearing on the JTBC newsroom on 21st, lawyer Lee Jung-ryul said that there is a decisive evidence that the owner of the 'HyeKyungGung Kim' Twitter account is Lee Jae-myung's wife, Kim Hye-kyung, and that he will disclose the so-called smoking gun when the situation is unfavorable.
Lawyer Lee Jung-ryul also said the evidence is in Kim's Kakao Story and is related to JTBC newsroom, sparking questions.
By the 12th, which was about 10 days after the end of the Korean Series, five clubs came to sign with new foreign players.
Hanwha signed a contract with pitcher Warwick Surfold(28) for a total of 1 million, including a 300,000 dollars signing fee and an annual salary of 700,000 dollars.
It was because in September the board decided to limited the total value of new foreign players to $1 million.
In case of violation of the foreign player contract, the contract will be nullified, the player will be suspended for one year, and the club will be deprived of the right to nominate new players and fined 1 billion won.
It means that it is not possible to compete with the Japanese clubs who are trying to take talented players with a relatively high ransom value of over 1million dollars.
This year, the museum will display creative and popular design works that embody individuality among students under the theme of "Jester Red," the color of the 2019 S/S season, and the works are based on the graduating students' fashion designing skills that they have learned over the past three years.
In the morning of the 23rd which is the 8th anniversary of the Yeonpyeong Island bombardment, marine soldiers are laying a wreath and burning incense in the Yeonpyeongdo bombardment victims' cemetery at Daejeon National Cemetery in Yooseoung-gu, Daejeon.
These bills were supposed to be processed on the 15th, but had been delayed because the plenary session could not be held since the opposing parties wrangled.
The revision to the law on protection and support for small business owners calls for the creation of a project to support the issuance and distribution of exclusive mobile gift certificates.
The revision to the Food Sanitation Act allows the authorities to exempt the business owners from administrative action in cases where a juvenile provides the cause of the violation with their identification card  falsification, theft, assault or threats in connection.
The Imported Food Safety Control Act was revised to improve the safety of imported food by allowing consumers to confirm whether imported food distributed on the market is a product that has undergone normal reporting procedures.
On the 23rd, the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety (MFDS) announced that it found problems in 54 products (324 sites) after checking the appropriateness of false and exaggerated advertisements and contents of 146 beverage products (1185 sites) containing the konjac jelly.
The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety(MFDS) said that the amount of konjac (average 0.4 g) indicated in the 54 nonconforming products could not lead to beneficial effects on our body, such as promoting bowel movement.
A wide variety of players were selected, regardless of whether they were overseas or K-League, and the team of Bento scored three wins and three draws.
This is because playing several games in a short period of time can cause unexpected exhaustion due to bad condition or physical injuries.
The LPGA team had 3 wins, 1 draw and 2 losses in the four-ball match (in which two players play with their own balls and make the better scores as their team scores).
Most striking feature in the new Soul silhouette is its classy style of headlamps, highlighting the sharp, yet tough and high-tech sport utility vehicle (SUV).
Center fascia's 10.25-inch large wide display is the largest in its class, and allows users to use multiple features including maps and music playback on a split screen.
The new Soul will be released for the first time in the world at the LA Motor Show in the USA next week and its domestic launch is scheduled for early next year.
In 2009, in recognition of its superior design and high utilization, Soul became the first car from Korea to win the Red Dot Design Award and became the first car from Kia Motors to win the world's top three design awards.
KT, which has been doing fine with 10 wins and six losses this season, will take on SK without Kim Sun-hyung and KCC without Lee Jung-hyun, while none of its players is drawn to the national team.
Orion will also take on KCC and SK without any players drawn to the national team, as Choi Jin-su and Huh Il-young, former national team members, were not selected for the national team this time.
As for Orion, it is a good chance to test their newly recruited player, Jason Siggers, after they kicked out their former mercenary, Jequan Lewis.
Yoon Ye-bin (Samsung Life Insurance), who scored an average of 8 points and 3.8 rebounds in the first round, won the Most Improved Award, which was selected by the votes of judges, game operators and supervisors.
A memory of Han Yeol, who was listening to his 'gura(witty talks)' with sparkling eyes at a wrap-up party at a shabby cafe in Sinchon, kept coming up throughout the movie.
Earlier, local civic groups and social organizations strongly protested the plan, saying, "Unlike local governments across the country who are starting the free school meals for middle schools from next year, Daegu City does not offer free meals for middle schools."
On the 22nd, families of the victims are shedding tears at the Peace Education Center in Jeju 4·3 Peace Park at the 'Report on the Identification of the Victims of Jeju 4·3.'
On the 22nd, the Modetour Network announced that it signed a memorandum of understanding(MOU) at the President Hotel in Eulji-ro, Seoul on the 21st, in which officials from Hainan Province, including the People's Government of Hainan Province, Mao Chao-feng, Commerce Department, and others attended, to actively cooperate in boosting tourism exchanges between the two countries and accelerating Hainan economic growth.
His teammate Seth Frankoff(30) who took $850,000 this year, is also expected to demand a big raise with 18 wins.
In addition, KT Wiz’s Mel Rojas Jr.(28) is expected to sign a contract worth around 1.5 million dollars, exceeding his annual salary of 1 million dollars this year and the annual salary of another player, Hoying.
On the 23rd, Shin Sang-moon won a 3-0 set-score victory over Kim Hyun-woo in the final group stage D match of the Korea 'StarCraft League Season 2' at Jade Hall in Hyundai Department Store in Sinchon, Seoul.
The city will also spend 1.4 billion won to install 250 more street lamps in the Uiam Lake section for the safety of bicycle riders who use bicycle roads at night.
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), 14 out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world based on ultra-fine dust (PM 2.5) are located in India.
The participation of foreign companies might be a positive sign, because it can serve as a stepping stone for G-star to grow into a global game show.
Epic Games is marketing briskly with the advertisement with a Hollywood actor Chris Pratt, who recently became a familiar actor in Korea through a movie titled 'Guardians of Galaxy’.
On the 24th, the Incheon Maritime Police Station received a rescue report from a 62-year-old captain, Kim, who passed through Incheon VTS, saying that the vessel A (70 tons, steel wire, cleaning ship with 6 crew members) was under water at around 4:58 a.m., and dispatched security forces.
The Incheon Maritime Police Station mobilized a total of 11 people, including the people from SoYeonpyeong local office and related agencies (the Marine Corps, the National Security Center), to approach the vessel and safely transport the 6 crew members to the ground.
At 12:40 p.m. on the 24th, when the cold wave came over country in early winter, emergency orders were issued to about 100 officers in the Criminal Task Force, the Gwangju Metropolitan Police Agency's metropolitan investigation unit and commandos, and 12 teams of criminal departments including the serious crime squad at Gwangju Bukbu Police Station.
This is because a special report has been received that gangs in the capital area are gathering forces to fight against a group of Gwangju gangs called S.
On the 24th, the police officers, who obtained intelligence, raided heavily armed at around 2 p.m. which was 1 hour before the wedding, and had 12 members of the gangs handcuffed.
In the process, Incheon City decided to include Cheonghak Station in its 2nd Gyeongin Line project plan because they realized the need to build Cheonghak Station after the launch of the 7th civil election.
The city has decided to seek the best way that can be done in the near future by developing economic feasibility by including the new construction of Cheonghak Station, which cannot be promoted under the current law as a single station project.
Skiers are preparing to run a silver snowfield in Vivaldi Park's Ski World in Hongcheon, Gangwon Province, by greeting the winter in the afternoon of the 25th.
Some local governments were found to have extended the construction period without noticing that the documents submitted were insufficient.
Through a consortium made up of Jeonnam Techno Park and robot companies, the city and Korea Institute for Robot Industry Advancement(KIRIA) will start distributing "smart toy robots" and “excretion care robots" to improve the quality of life for seniors and the disabled.
Starting from the first half of next year, the city will be the first in the country to carry out a project to support the convenience of the socially disadvantaged using robots, and the long-term care patients and severely disabled would have the priority.
The smart toybot, a friendly stuffed doll in the form of a grandson or a granddaughter, will help the safety and health care of elderly people suffering from loneliness.
In fact, the results were selected by analyzing the areas where the most number of elderly walking accidents occurred by using the Traffic Accidents Analysis System (TAAS) of the Korea Highway Traffic Corporation, and reflecting the results of the field investigation.
In other words, they are increasing crosswalks near the traditional markets and giving them maximum signal time, so that the senior citizens don’t have to go through an inconvenience by walking around and looking for the crosswalks.
If we can produce and distribute masterpieces like 'Ten Commandments' or 'Ben-Hur', we will be able to take countermeasures, but we're in an urgent need of self-operation, so we can't even imagine developing the high-quality content for now.
There are about 230 species of migratory birds visiting Suncheonman Bay, and Suncheon Bay, designated as the Ramsar Convention in 2006 and nationally designated scenic spot No. 41 in 2008, is a place for mudflat species such as bluespotted mud hopper, crabs and other animals.
Waon Village in Sangnae-ri, Suncheon is a coastal village near Suncheonman Bay and is famous for its cockle production site. It is rich in fishery resources such as gizzard, bluespotted mud hopper, mullet, and razor clam.
He, who won two consecutive bronze medals at the International Skating Union (ISU) Figure Skating Grand Prix this season, became the first Korean male to qualify for the Grand Prix Final, where the world's top athletes compete.
Considering that he is still young in his 2 year of senior debut, critics say that he is expected to win the first medal as a Korean male athlete at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing.
It was his first time on the senior stage, and his frequent mistakes and injuries in the jump process, as well as problems with boots that didn't fit his growing feet repeatedly, have hampered his performance.
All of the top figure skaters including Yuzuru Hanyu(Japan) who have won two consecutive Olympic titles, Shoma Uno(Japan), Nathan Chen(USA), Michal Brezina(Czech Republic) and Sergei Voronov(Russia), will participate in the event.
The new Panamera 4 E-Hybrid features a variety of driving modes through the mode switch on the steering wheel.
According to the Monetary Policy Board(MPB)'s minutes from the last month, Lee Il-hyung and Ko Seung-beom, among the 7 members of the Monetary Policy Committee, claimed the need to raise the benchmark interest rate.
On top of that, there are a number of threatening factors that will cause the economy slowdown, such as the U.S.-China trade war, the strong U.S. dollar and increased financial market instability in emerging economies.
On top of that, concerns are growing every day that the widening gap between Korea and the U.S. interest rate could lead to capital outflow from the Korean financial market.
Mortgage lending rates at commercial banks, which had been on the decline for a while, rose 0.01~0.09% point last month from the previous month, shifting to an upward trend for the first time in five months.
In the market, the speed of development of the ride-sharing service of the US and China is 'LTE (4G)’ in terms of mobile communication service standard, but Korea speed of development of the ride-sharing service is still '3G'.
Iran stood firm in its views, despite its difficulties due to the U.S. economic blockade, and has been working with Russia to increase its influence in the Middle East while the U.S. withdrew from Afghanistan and Iraq.
Under Obama, there was a change in the situation in the Middle East with a nuclear deal with Iran, while checking Israel's use of force and dominance, but everything changed back since Trump became the president.
Iran is under economic sanctions again, President Trump has vowed to move the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem, and Syria and Yemen are engaged in a civil war between Iran and Saudi Arabia.
With the exotic scenery as the background, the show has received the positive reviews since its first broadcast on the 21st, through the communication among the borderless friends and its touching and fun materials.
Brita Korea Co., Ltd. has donated Britta water purifier products to make it easy to provide clean and delicious water even in outdoor food carts.
These tasks include support for international cooperation events and campaigns, on-line and off-line promotion, support for fundraising, research on ODA projects, and administrative support.
Among the common trees in Korea, pine trees, nut pine trees, larch, and zelkova trees are seen as having excellent ability to reduce fine dust.
The strategy focuses on developing a new distribution policy for young people returning to rural areas and the farmers not worrying about sales.
The detailed promotion plan is set up to cultivate agricultural distribution organization, expand facilities to secure merchandise, promote publicity and marketing, reduce distribution costs, inspect education and safety, and export agricultural products.
In the case of petty farmers, 45,000 farms aim to earn 300 billion won in sales based on local food stores and local food circulation systems such as school meals and public supply.
The budget for the input is 455.815 billion won over the next four years, including 95.356 billion won next year, 128.223 billion won in 2020, 112.907 billion won in 2021 and 119.329 billion won in 2022.
According to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, a Chinese-flagged military aircraft violated the Air Defense Identification Zone (KADIZ) in the northwestern part of Jeju Island around 11 a.m. on the 26th.
According to the Joint Chiefs of Staff, a Chinese-flagged military aircraft violated the Korea Air Defense Identification Zone (KADIZ) in the northwestern part of Jeju Island around 11 a.m. on the 26th.
A great number of overseas korean players are attending in this particular tournament, including Lydia Ko (New Zealand), Min Jee Lee (Australia), and Jennifer Song and Daniel Kang (U.S.A.), making it a festive tournament for the Korean golf fans.
On the 25th, Starbucks Coffee Korea announced that it made and delivered 2,500 boxes of milk powder and gift boxes for foster homes to the Dongbang Social Welfare Association on the 23rd in Seodaemun-gu, Seoul.
In addition, they demanded for the use of hydrogen to promote new energy technology cluster by building a new industrial complex, the managing of the local streams from the national stream management, and Cheongju Osong Third Life Science National Industrial Complex and other industrial complexes, such as the creation of innovation and fusion belt, and so on. 
The enforcement guidelines stipulated that subsidies should be executed only as personnel expenses for the disabled and not as other purposes, and that the minimum wage should be (8,350 won per hour in 2019) paid for the work.
They were also found to have caught one of the gangsters in Gwangju, who was mediating, and assaulted him with his knee down at a parking lot of a lodging house in the morning on the 24th.
The Gwangju Metropolitan Police Agency, which arrested the gangsters just before the big fight in the afternoon of the 24th, has set up a special investigation team of 38 people with the team's chief, Jeong Kyeong-chae, to keep track of the gangsters who fled.
At the end of the year, for example, a lecture for the year-end settlement is held and a briefing session is held for a great number of retirees.
According to Epic Games, 250,000 prepared prizes were early out, and lots of visitors came to visit the outdoor booths at BEXCO and at the sea of Haeundae.
Earlier on the 8th, Epic Games launched its domestic internet cafe game service with Neowiz, making a full-fledged entry into the domestic market.
The UN Security Council (SC) convened an emergency meeting at 11 a.m. on the 26th (1 a.m. on the 27th in Korean time) at the request of both Russia and Ukraine.
On the 26th, Starbucks Coffee Korea announced that it will expand the usage of the white paper straws to nationwide stores instead of the green plastic straws.
According to a customer preference survey on two paper straws in green and white, white(57%) showed higher preference than green (43%).
Since last year, the Busan Economic Promotion Agency has been operating 'the Good Alba Project', a part-time worker improvement program to improve the treatment of part-time workers and prevent unfair treatments.
In addition, if there are any problems related to part-time jobs, they can receive free counseling from a labor attorney at the 'Youth Do Dream Center' every Wednesday from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m.
"FIBA Men's Basketball World Cup Asia Preliminary Tournament," which started on November 26th of last year, is a game that will decide which country will advance to the finals after qualifying for each continent (Asian region), and this is the last home game of South Korea.
Tickets are on sale at Ticketlink, priced between 10,000 won and 40,000 won, and the game can also be watched live on SPOTV and Naver.
Hong Kong's South China Morning Post reported that on the 22nd(local time), 12 students were taken to the emergency room from a dormitory fire accident at a college in Hong Kong.
While "home beauty," which means taking care of one's skin on one's own at home, is on the spotlight, "home beauty devices," those give the same effect as getting the care from the professional shops, are gaining the popularity.
In addition, he scored one goal against the teams with yellow in their uniforms in the European leagues including Watford, Millwall, Borussia Dortmund, Apoel, Brighton and Hove Albion, Juventus and Chelsea.
While the Vision College of Jeonju's Sports Festival for high school seniors in North Jeolla Province is held at Vision College of Jeonju's sports complex and gymnasium, the high school seniors who are watching volleyball games are cheering for them.
About 200 members participated in the general meeting at 2 p.m. at Gwangju YMCA's Mujin hall in Dong-gu, Gwangju, and 800 out of 4,000 security guards at the 1,000 apartment complexes in Gwangju participated as founding members.
Ae-ri Sung's work is expressed in flowers and carp, representing a smooth dynamic in which carp swims naturally between beautiful flowers, causing the viewer's gaze to swim along the silk carp for a while.
Through the work of acrylic and unique techniques, Ae-ri Sung has been creating unique style and painting techniques expressed in beautiful flowers and carp, drawing positive reactions both at home and abroad.
It can also seek to enhance its national status by achieving new drug sovereignty in the global pharmaceutical market dominated by European and U.S. pharmaceutical companies.
Cenobamate has been involved in research and development for 18 years so far, starting with the search for candidate substances in 2001 and the approval for Investigational New Drug (IND) in 2007.
After acquiring SK Biotech's Irish plant last year, it succeeded in acquiring U.S. bio contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) AMPAC in July.
Ba-il Kang, who was a bit puzzled by the unexpected nomination, seemed to have realized the reality only after putting on the uniform he received from Coach Lee.
The plant will be built on 1.14 million ㎡ of land in Commerce, while SK Innovation plans to start construction in early 2019 and mass-produce electric vehicle batteries from 2022.
With the decision to invest in the construction of the plant, SK Innovation will secure a production base in the U.S., completing a global production system that will reach South Korea, China, Europe and the U.S.
Of the total 250 billion won in business expenses, the city will also seek ways for citizens to participate, including donations, in addition of 100 billion won of contracted donation from Lotte Group, with the remaining 70 billion won to be covered by municipal expense.
The city has been promoting the BRT project for 84.6 km (total project cost of 220 billion won) in seven cities and metropolitan cities from 2014 to enable the public transportation.
The city has been carrying out feasibility studies for the creation of a 200MW floating offshore wind farm using the East Sea gas field platforms and gas pipelines from last June.
The city plans to utilize the East Sea gas field, whose production will be shut down as of 2021, as a field base for the operation of marine substations and wind farm complexes, and to use gas pipelines extending to the land as cable lines to connect electric power.
In line with this, the Korea National Oil Corporation (KNOC) also completed the installation of LiDAR on the gas field platform last month, and agreed to provide Ulsan city with data measured and analyzed over the next year.
The course consists of a 340m long uphill section that automatically rails and a 620m long downhill section that allows passengers to control the speed freely.
The uphill section is a charming section where people can go up to 320m above the sea level along the beautiful mountain path, and also a section where they can feel the excitement and depth of their coming journey through the downhill.
Mancheon-ha Skywalk with alpine coaster is equipped with zip wire and Manhak-Cheonbong Observatory, and it is also known as a national tourist attraction by the nearby Danyang River plank road and Suyanggae Light Tunnel.
Yeongdeungpo-gu is planning to expand IoT administrative services to monitoring indoor air quality of public facilities, managing energy, and preventing advanced dementia of elders.
In August last year, the Heavenly Culture, World Peace, Restoration of Light (HWPL), a disguised peace group of Shincheonji, held a ceremony to mark the unveiling of the "World Peace Declaration Monument" at the Peace Culture Plaza located in the Northern Area of the civilian control line in Cheolwon, Gangwon Province.
Whenever I hear the news like this, I remember the words of Dr. David Hon of NASA, known as the father of a folding bicycle called 'Dahon.'
While the earth is getting hotter and the Arctic ice is melting away, Russian agricultural production is rapidly increasing.
As the price of Aish, the staple food for Egyptians, roared, it turned into a pro-democracy protest as complaints about President Hosni Mubarak's 30-year-long dictatorship were added.
The British daily newspaper The Independent stated that, 'the Syrian civil war was the first war that the climate scientists have explicitly stated the link between climate change and armed conflict.'
On the 6th, there was a news that French President Emmanuel Macron called for the creation of a European army to defend Europe from Russia and the United States.
If the final negotiations with Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co.(KHNP), the largest share holder, and POSCO Energy Co., which is in charge of maintenance and operation, fall through, they will be closed immediately from next month.
The Daily Mail of the United Kingdom released a video of four waterspouts happening all at once on the beach of Koh Lipe Island in the Andaman Sea of southern Thailand on the 26th (local time).
Orange Life participated as a sub-sponsor for on-site preliminary round and the selection of Korean national team for the 'KT 5G Battleground Mobile Street Challenge' at the G-Star International Game Show in Busan this month.
Dong-jun Won, an Inha University Professor of Electrical Engineering, is describing a case study of problem solving course (PS‧Problem Solving) conducted through Smart Grid Engineering lecture.
Joseph won the San Francisco Giants' second-round nomination in the rookie draft in 2009, and appeared in 249 games over two years in 2016 and 2017 for the Philadelphia Phillies, batting 0.247 with 43 home runs and 116 RBIs.
Under the agreement, the two organizations decided to build a model of industry-university cooperation in order to promote mutual development and contribute to national and community development.
This meta-analysis paper was published in the latest issue of the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health, an SCI-level journal.
Haeam 3 Tunnel (4.748 km), the longest among 18 tunnels in the project to build a double track railway on the West Sea line linking Hongseong County in South Chungcheong Province and Songsan-dong in Hwaseong, Gyeonggi Province, has been penetrated.
The city has established a safety management system and installed and managed transparent protection fences for the citizens to watch safely.
On the 28th, Jeju Island stated that it will pay 600,000 won per household next month after completing a certificate of qualification by the end of this month to households who applied between May and September for direct payment of less favored areas.
In 2013, there were only 178 eligible applicants, but there were 588 applicants in 2014, 583 applicants in 2015, 2962 applicants in 2016, and 3140 applicants in 2017, which added up to 8200 households receiving 4.3 billion won in total.
All the students who enroll at Korea Soongsil Cyber University can take all the courses at the university including their major courses through this service, and they can take courses for life even after they graduate.
Korea Soongsil Cyber University offers a user-centered content providing service, while also operating a credit exchange that allows students to take various courses offered by more than 70 universities across the country, including Soongsil University and Yonsei University.
As it was revealed that, at the request of principal B, the son of principal B took the scholastic ability contest from high school A first, and the education authorities launched an investigation after additional suspicions were raised.
The public security department(Joo-pil Kim, the Chief prosecutor) of the Suwon District Prosecutor's Office raided the office of Governor Lee in Bundang-gu, Seongnam, and his office at the Gyeonggi Provincial Office to find five mobile cellphones Kim used from 2013 to April.
Kim earlier said she replaced the Android smartphone she had used since 2013 with an iPhone in mid-July 2016, but changed her cellphone again and its number in April due to a lot of abusive messages she got during her husband's election period for Gyeonggi governor.
Investigators believe that the account holder and Kim are the same person based on the fact that the timing of the change of the twitter account input method is in line with the timing of Kim's mobile phone replacement.
The new product will be applied with 360 air holes those blow wind on the back of the drying tub, allowing large amounts of laundry to be evenly dried.
Two-way doors that can change direction of opening and closing depending on installation environment and all-in-one filters that have enhanced dust collection have also been newly added.
His speedy dribble breakthrough and the terrific scoring performance were just enough to catch the eyes of NBA fans.
Woori Card has recorded 5 wins and 2 losses in the past 7 games, including a 3-0 victory over KB Insurance in the Korea Volleyball Federation’s(KOVO) Dodram 2018-2019 V League on the 26th.
Except for the game with OK Savings Bank on the 17th where they had to give up a set, all of the games they won in this season were won by a landslide of 3-0.
Coach Shin showed a demonstration of either a toss or a subcatch in person, and taught the players to follow suit during the training.
Setter Jae-wook Noh has settled into the starting lineup just 15 days after joining the club, and the main catcher Agamez is scoring more than 30 points per game.
Starting with the Daejeon office in May next year, the new employees will be assigned to businesses located in Seoul in July and Ulsan in December.
Many of the world’s exclusives are the results of endlessly chasing the resources and asking the questions not wanted to be answered.
Jung-eun Lee, who first played golf when she was a second grader, will compete with world-class golfers in the LPGA 15 years after she started golfing.
Jung-eun Lee did not start golf later than other top players, but had to go through many ups and downs such as having a hiatus.
Starting with the Lotte Rent-a-Car Women's Open title in April last year, she lifted the championship trophy 4 times in one season, relieving the distress of defeat.
She also experienced LPGA events, including the U.S. Women's Open which she could've entered as the KLPGA Yearly Money Leader, the Lotte Championship, and the KEB Hana Bank Championship.
When it comes to her scores, she had no reason not to enter the LPGA, but she has been agonizing over her entry into the LPGA due to the situations like having to leave behind her family, especially her father who's on a wheelchair. 
Lee Jung-eun's decision to enter the LPGA has raised expectations that Korean golfers will be able to win the Rookie of the Year Award for five consecutive years.
On the 27th (local time), the Metro News of UK reported that a 15-year-old Syrian refugee boy at a school in Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, was waterboarded by his classmates on the 25th.
Dealers are working at KEB Hana Bank's trading room in Jung-gu, Seoul, on the 29th, when both the KOSPI and KOSDAQ indexes started rising.
A Blackpink member, Jenny, who just started her solo career, and Wanna One, a group that is currently working with the last album, took the honor of winning 2 gold medals on the Gaon Chart for the Week 47.
The KOSPI also appears to have been affected by the greatly eased investment sentiment as Fed Chairman Powell made remarks on monetary policy easing.
3 minutes after the start of the first half, Seung-mo Lee fell from the head to the ground while competing with Kyung-bo Yun for the air ball.
Wisdom House Media Group (Wisdom House) announced that it will be the first Korean publishing industry to plan and hold a multi-complex experience exhibition called <THE NYANG — Love Like Cats> (THE NYANG).
For this, they reduced the width of the road from 24m to 22m in the first section, which stretches 0.9 km from the Daecheon-dong intersection to the 2nd Daecheon Bridge, and the free width of the road site by 3-4m from the original plan.
Asan Merchant Marine Co., Ltd. is providing more support this year following last year to help more businesses and underprivileged neighbors, as the event is a meaningful event to help social enterprises and poor neighborhoods in the region.
During the design process, the company expanded its facilities and size from its original plan after considering about the western Daegu area’s role as a landmark and transportation hub, and the expansion of the Daegu Industrial Line, the Moonlight Railway (Daegu-Gwangju), and the airport railway.
As the U.S. has taken a tough stance on Russia following the European Union (EU), there is also a sign of a repeat of the East-West confrontation, as was the case in the Annexation of Crimea in 2014.
On the 29th, Kang-deok Lee, the Pohang Mayor, walked with some 40 senior government officials through the ‘Iron Road City Forest,’ which was a core business of the Pohang Greenway project, while holding the first 'on the road forum' after the 7th civil election.
Korea's exports rose 5.8 % from the previous year to 607 billion dollars (about 685.9 trillion won) this year, surpassing 600 billion dollars for the first time.
Export growth in new industries, such as electric vehicles, bio-health, and new high-tech materials, has reached the rate of 14% this year and has been receiving positive reviews.
The Korea Christian Press Awards, which celebrates its 10th  this year, will be presented by the Korea Christian Press Association, which reviews and awards media reports those practice love, life and justice based on the Christian spirit.
On the 28th, POSCO Daewoo announced that it has signed a mutual cooperation memorandum (MOU) with Petroleum Brunei Co., Ltd., a state-owned resource development company in Brunei, to expand the LNG value chain business.
With the signing of the MOU, the two companies will cooperate on joint exploration and development of mines at home and abroad of Brunei as well as the development of deep-sea mines that POSCO Daewoo is developing on its own.
The city will invest 32.3 billion won, including the waste mining fund and state funds, to start on the working design this year, before starting construction in the second half of next year and completion in 2022.
Hot water will be supplied free of charge to 134 households in three villages including Hashindae (65 households) and Sangshindae (47 households) of Shindae-dong, and Garak-ri (22 households) in Oksan-myeon due to the waste heat caused by producing the electricity.
At the briefing session, the results of the Daejeon citizens' opinion survey on business facilities, the estimation of supply and demand depending on the types of business facilities, and ways to improve the operation of business facilities were carried out.
In case of supply and demand estimation by type of business facilities, the 10th unit of crematoriums can be operated until 2024, but they would need 13th unit of crematoriums in 2030, and 20th in 2045.
4 areas were selected for the multi-business complex, including Goegok-dong (Daejeon Memorial Park), Jangchok-dong in Dong-gu and Bonggok-dong in Seo-gu, and Guwan-dong in Jung-gu, which was the application site for a private memorial park in 2001.
Numerically, it is possible to dispose within these 3 waste disposal facilities in Ulsan by August 2023, but the actual average remaining time for the 3 facilities is only 1 year and a half to 3 years.
The reason why the landfill in Ulsan was filled way faster than expected was because there was not enough waste in the past, and also the waste disposal companies accepted more waste from other areas when the ocean disposal was possible.
Ulsan City also plans to expand landfill facilities, but it is not easy to come up with countermeasures because they also need to consider urban development and environmental issues.
The city plans to implement the "Plan for Management of Wastes in Ulsan" service early next year and conduct an overall survey on the waste generation amount and the feasibility and method of additional landfill construction before deciding whether to expand the waste landfill.
Earlier on the 19th and 26th, the Council of the heads of the village and the Muan-gun Council also adopted a resolution opposing the relocation, saying the military airport relocation project is proceeding at a rough-and-ready manner.
Earlier on August 20th, Yong-sup Lee, the Gwangju Mayor, and Young-rok Kim, the South Jeolla Province Governor, agreed in principle to consolidate Gwangju Airport with Muan International Airport by 2021 and also relocate military airports to South Jeolla Province by 2028.
Local media, including the daily Clarin, reported on the 28th (local time) that the Argentine government has decided set the opening day of the G20 Summit as a holiday, and to suspend the public transportations including the bus and the subway in Buenos Aires.
Brazilian media Mercopress stated that the Argentine police have lost credibility after failing to prevent the recent violence at the Copa Libertadores final, which is a South American football club competition.
On the 29th, Jeju Island said that they have prepared 'an alternative plan to create a beautiful scenic road' after collecting public opinion from local residents and holding a meeting of experts’ advisory committee over the past 2 months.
They will expand the road only for the three sections between Daecheon-dong and Songdang-ri, which span 0.69 km from Semi Intersection to the entrance to Geumbaekjo road, where the redwood trees have already been cut down, while the trees of the opposite side will remain.
In the morning, it's minus 2 degrees in Seoul, minus 3 degrees in Chuncheon, 1 degrees in Daegu and 2 degrees in Jeonju, which is 1-2 degree Celsius lower than yesterday.
The league's disciplinary committee also fined River Plate $400,000 for fan violence and penalized it for two matches of absence.
This year's Copa Libertadores final, which will be played with one home and one away games, drew attention with a showdown between Boca Juniors and River Plate, Argentina's leading rivals from Buenos Aires.
On the 12th, the first game at Boca Junior's home, Buenos Aires La Bombonera Stadium, ended in a 2-2 draw.
After the incident, Argentine President Mauricio Markley pointed out that there is a 'football mafia' of River Plate, Barras Bravas, behind the scene.
There are busy moves to conclude negotiations on the establishment of Gwangju-type jobs that have become a nationwide issue and the establishment of Hyundai Motor's joint investment plant in Gwangju.
Gwangju City, which promised housing, welfare and medical benefits to replace the wage shortage, will participate as the largest shareholder in real terms, and Hyundai Motor will participate as the second-largest shareholder to inject a total of 700 billion won, including 280 billion won in equity capital and 420 billion won in borrowing.
Lee Byung-hoon, the vice culture and economy minister who represented the negotiators , set Dec. 2, the legal deadline for next year's parliamentary budget review, as the deadline for negotiations, and has been staying in Seoul since the 19th.
Negotiators have been negotiating over the wages, working hours and conditions, passing the original deadline, but have yet to narrow the gap.
The Ulsan city government said that it will hold a launching ceremony for the 'Ulsan 3D Printing Human Resources Development Project' at 5 p.m. on the 30th, at the conference room on the 9th floor of the venture building in Mugeo-dong, Nam-gu.
It added that Rucinski, who graduated from Ohio State University and entered the pro league in 2011, made his big league debut in July of 2014 with the LA Angels.
Although he has recently ruined his former reputation by having his passport, car, and art works being repossesed because of his debt problems, he still seems to be recognized as the best for the skills he showed during his active career.
The UK daily, The Sun, reported on the 29th (local time) that Lionel Messi and Neymar, who are considered the best active players after Ronaldinho, both uploaded videos of them showing Ronaldinho’s exclusive “ball balance on head" skill on social network service (SNS).
By recording videos with ‘do the Ronaldinho’, which is a camera video filter made after Ronaldinho balancing a ball on his head, his junior colleagues showed their respect for Ronaldinho.
The video filter is made with a black hairband that reads R10, which is the symbol of Ronaldinho, and a soccer ball over the head, so that the filter's users can have the same effect as copying his skills.
Celebrating its 5th anniversary this year, the concert will feature popera singer Sung-hee Myung, fusion Gugak Harmony Cal Trio, Gaspel Duo Asis, 4 membered male vocal group Jeju VOM, and Children's Choir of FEBC-Korea Jeju.
JOB Dream Project Group (Professor Hwa-soon Lim), an affiliated organization of Jeju National University's Industrial-Academic Cooperation Group, stated that it will hold the “JOB Dream Fair" at 11 a.m. on December 1st, at the event hall on the first floor of Jeju International Convention Center (224 Jungmoon Gwangwang Road, Seogwipo City).
The exhibition, held by Jeju City and the Seogwipo City Department of Economics and Jobs, will include new job booths such as a drone education instructor, an online marketing planner, and a healing commentator, Jeju Pongnang Tour performance exhibition, and Jeju Job Matching Education booth.
This is because the KBL Finance Committee, which issued the disciplinary action after the the former Coach Jeon was appointed to the team again, seems to make a final judge after all that.
Participants carefully examined the missionary village of Hannam University, where many films including "Princess Deokhye" and "Memories of the Murder” were shot, and this place was also the main shooting location for the tvN drama "Mother.”
Seoul, which has won 6 times in the K-League, was put in a situation where it has to worry about relegation depending on the result of the final match, but the situation is the best among the 3 teams.
Most believe that the trade war between the US and China, which shook the financial market this year, is unlikely to be sealed by the meeting.
The delivery labor union earlier filed a prosecution against the company after CJ Logistics took the so-called "collection ban" that stopped accepting parcels to the strike area from the 22nd, saying it constitutes an illegal lockout.
In his opening speech, Onishi Kensuke introduced the 'Peace Wins Japan' project which succeeded in training abandoned dogs in Hiroshima as rescue dogs in the disaster area.
Some of the players are also likely to transfer to China or other clubs as Choi, who was gaining the credibility from the players, leaves the team.
The interior of the room has a space-optimized design that provides the user with the largest space in the same class and excellent cargo loadability.
As demand for electric vehicles (EV) and eco-friendly energy increases, lithium is becoming a key material for energy storage devices, such as electric vehicle batteries, and is becoming increasingly valuable.
POSCO has focused its investments on commercial production through securing lithium raw materials and chemical processes, believing it to be the major driver of new growth.
On the 21st, the Pilgangoora mine in Pilbara, Western Australia, was continuously undergoing lithium mining and crushing processes as the world's largest lithium mining mine.
The Pilangoora mine is 160 times bigger than the area of Yeouido, and is 470㎢ with the capacity of lithium ore reserves is 2.26 million tons, which can be mined up to 50 years.
POSCO, which has been making all-out efforts to secure lithium raw materials for the past 10 years, which are the key materials for secondary batteries, signed a deal in February to acquire 4.74% (approx. 65 billion won) of the company's stake from Australian mine corporation Pilbara Minerals, and to purchase up to 240,000 tons of lithium ore annually for a long-term period.
This will be the Phase 2 of the Pilgangoora Project, which the production will begin at the end of 2019, and POSCO will turn lithium ore obtained from Pilbara mine into lithium carbonate or lithium hydroxide.
At the opening ceremony, a business agreement was also made on export exchanges between the Gangwon Distribution Industry Association, Gangwon Province Economic Promotion Agency, and the K-BIZ Hanoi Federation to enter the Vietnamese market and expand the exports to Vietnam.
Some media reported that Voevodina met Muhammad V while she was working as a luxury watch model in Europe 18 months ago.
Suhyup is internally considering the usage of the empty stores for expanding the stores those are operating in the modern market, as they are not occupied by merchants from the old market.
The writings describing the moments of happiness and mourning that one faces as a mother and the meaning of one's mother from the perspective of feminism, appear one after another in a calm tone.
It is difficult to exclude the possibility that there might be a player who would surpass the maximum reduction amount of 500 million won of Won-sam Jang.
Until recently, there was only a little hope for MS to beat Apple, but it has changed dramatically since the arrival of new CEO, Nadella.
Min Huh drew attention in August last year by her pregnancy before the wedding, and gave a birth to a daughter in December last year.
On the 1st, Actoz Red won the "PUBG Korea League(PKL) 2018 #2 Korea Finals" at the Olympic Gymnasium of Hanyang University in Sageun-dong, Seoul.
After getting ready for the second half of the game without a rush, they wiped out the remaining forces of MVP-Luna, OP Gaming Hunters and more, adding eight rank points.
KPYours Co., Ltd. (CEO Mung-woong Park) has announced the official launch of 'Capture One 12' software which can enhance the quality of photographs by correcting RAW files of DSLR and mirrorless cameras.
On the 30th, the city held a ground-breaking ceremony for the construction of a public parking lot in the 4th park in I-dong, which was attended by 200 people including lawmakers, city and provincial councilors, Daei-dong self-sustaining organization, and local residents, and started the construction.
This project of building a public parking lot is aiming to complete the construction in December of 2019, and will build the public parking facility underground with the children’s park and youth football field above the ground.
Among the 13 main products, which account for 77.4% of total exports of the previous month, only 6 items have improved year-on-year.
Exports to China, which had been on the rise despite the "THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense) conflict" last year, fell 2.0 % on-year to 13.65 billion dollars last month.
Many people did not hesitate to say the words those are not to be spoken perhaps because they could not see their faces straight.
Yo-hwan Lim competed for the title in the ‘APT Philippines 2018 Main Event Finals,’ but had to give away the first place to a Japanese player, Mikiya Kudo.
Yo-hwan Lim challenged the chip leader and accumulated the best scores once, but lost at the last hand.
Lim Yo-hwan, who became the first Asian player to be invited to the World Poker Tour (WPT) last year and made his name known as a poker player, made his mark with his performance this year.
He added 1.89 million 6100 pesos as prize money as a runner-up in the ‘APT Philippines Main Event Finals', and accumulated total of 167 million won this year alone with the some prize money added.
One person, Kim(30), was killed in the accident and two others, including Kim(58) truck driver, were injured and taken to a hospital for treatment.
A total of 23 award-winning films will be used as promotional content on the Disabled Enterprise Business Center’s SNS, and will be produced as various promotional materials to raise awareness.
If the problem with the teams who lose close from the championship is mostly on the insecure defense, the problem with teams competing around the relegation zone is often on the poor striking force than the insecure defense.
Aldenson and Evandro are showing the poor performances, and Matic, even though his adjustment period was short, is also very disappointing.
If the two teams have the same number of wins, the winner will be decided by combining the scores of 1st and 2nd round, but if the two teams have the same number of goals in the away matches, they will go into extra time by 15 minutes for each half.
Soju bottles those were loaded on a 15-ton cargo truck fell onto the road at around 12:41 p.m. on the 3rd, in front of the Cheonan IC in Shinbu-dong, Dongnam, Cheonan-si, Chungnam Province.
More than 17,000 pieces of secondary creations, such as accessories, figures, paintings, and dolls, created by user artists using Nexon Intellectual Property rights (IP) were sold.
The city received excellent marks for the operation of a waterfront management team in Hyeongsan, and for the creation of a clean waterfront space by putting in the municipal expenses to create a convenient resting area for citizens.
The Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, Mohammed bin Salman, who is suspected of planning the death of journalist Jamal Khashoggi, has successfully returned to the international stage at the the G20(Group of 20) Summit amid the protection of the U.S., China and Russia.
With this, South Korea has confirmed its bid for the FIBA China Basketball World Cup finals, regardless of the results in the matches against Syria and Lebanon those will take place on February 22nd and 25th of the next year.
The national team, which had been leading by 1 point in both the 1 and 2quarter against Jordan, quickly widened the gap to 12 points in the first 3 minutes of the second half.
On top of that, Kye-ri Kang used a pivot to score following a behind back dribble, while Ju-yeon Lee scored with a layup shot following a bold drive-in breakthrough.
55 guests, who were running around in the dark due to the cut supply of electricity, were at a crossroads between life and death amid the toxic gas generated by burning beds and sofas.
Team manager Seo's quick judgment was exactly right when the doors to the second-floor were locked to keep the outsiders from entering.
Team manager Seo's quick judgment was exactly right in a situation where the doors to the second-floor were locked to keep the outsiders from entering.
On the 15th of the previous month, a 4-year-old girl with a swallowed fishing hook near Maje Post Office in Pungam district, Gwangju, was blocked by a motorcade caused by the 2019 scholastic ability test, but was safely discharged from the hospital after undergoing an endoscopic emergency procedure with the help from police officer Taek-hee Kim (51).
Foreign Affairs Magazine predicted that even if the US-China Trade War is sealed this time, U.S. will never ease the checks and offensives against President Xi Jinping's expansionistic line.
If the garrison area is expanded, the current garrison area of the 1st Corps, which includes Goyang and Paju in Gyeonggi Province, Dongducheon and Yeoncheon areas, will be expanded to Seoul and Incheon, as well as Guri and Namyangju.
Al-Kaabi also said he would ignore OPEC's cuts in production, and increase petroleum and LNG production from 4.8 million barrels a day to 6.5 million barrels a day.
It is because after the winter rain in the morning, the fine dust level goes up with the effect of the ‘yellow dust snow’ in the northwestern China.
It will be effective from September of next year after going through the system construction and trial operation, and Daegu Bank will donate 1 billion won for the initial installation cost of the transfer system.
Although the contribution of the defense is gradually increasing its level of reflection, it is true that the contribution of the offense is still very significant to the selection of the Golden Glove.
As expected, Jae-il Oh of the Doosan Bears and Joo-chan Kim of the Kia Tigers have the best defense ratio of 0.996 in the first baseman category out of 7 candidates.
The stocks are issued under registered names of people with at least 5,000 won, and there are 4 types of shares including 1 share, 10 shares, 100 shares and 500 shares.
The Ulleung-Dokdo Haeun said that it will provide passenger and cruise ships, and state the marine passenger and cargo transportation business, the Ulleungdo-Dokdo cruise ship business, and ship management business.
Currently, the ferry services between Ulleungdo and mainland include the Sunflower between Pohang and Ulleungdo Dodong Port, Woorinoori1 of Taeseong Marine Corporation and the Sunrise of Daezer Construction between Pohang and Ullung Jeodong Port.
Meanwhile, the Sunflower, a large passenger ship operating between Pohang and Dodong Port of Ulleung Island, will be suspended in as early as March next year or in March 2020 at the latest due to the expiration of the ship's fleet and expiration of the lease term.
The 10-year-old Youtuber ‘Tiye' posted 4 food videos including "Sea Grapes ASMR Sounds Perfect♡ See the description" from November 2nd, and the total number of views exceeded 1.25 million.
While judges positively evaluated members of the judiciary for sharing their opinions in a debate and other ways, they said that conflicts over judicial administration will not be easily settled.
About 50 people, including Eun-hye Yoo (third from the right), deputy prime minister and education minister, Jong-kyu Yoon (third from the left) chairman of KB Financial Group, Ji-chul Kim (second from the right) South Chungcheong Provincial superintendent of Education; Seok-hwan Kim governor of Hongseong-gun and parents, attended the opening ceremony.
With the discovery of Avian Influenza (AI) antigen in a wild bird basin near Dongjin River in Jeongeup, North Jeolla Province, the eco-livestock of Jeongeop City Hall and the officials are conducting emergency quarantine around Manseokbo on the 3rd.
A huge oil rig, more than 40m high, roared and stroke a pipe(steel pipe) under the ground of a vast expanse of fields on the 30th of the previous month(local time).
The pumping unit moved nonstop to extract shale oil and shale gas from where the oil rig had already been drilled underground.
When it digs up to 2 km below the ground vertically and meets a rock-formed shale gas layer, it drills up to 1.6 km horizontally to extract shale oil and shale gas.
They point out that this is an example of a fear of cold-hearted public opinion that no matter how good one is, his skills cannot surpass morality.
Jeon was investigated by the police in May of 2015 on the match-fixing and illegal sports gambling charges and resigned voluntarily from Anyang KGC head coach in August of the same year.
He, who only used to earn 100,000 won a month, soon became an excellent player who is offered a salary of billions of won from China and other oversea clubs.
Coach Park, who took the baton for the first time this year, led Asan to the top without hesitaton, which has been mired in controversy over its disbandment.
The senior delivery service is a system in which senior deliverymen deliver goods delivered from a logistics terminal to a delivery office set up at the Gyeongbuk Provincial Government, to the customers at the Gyeongbuk Provincial Government, the Gyeongbuk Provincial Police Agency, and the Gyeongbuk Provincial Office of Education.
The damage to nearby residents continues to expand as the stink of garbage and dust is added to the damage caused by the fire.
Fire authorities issued 3 fire trucks to put out the fire immediately, but the smoke continues to rise as the fire started again at 6:33 a.m. the same day.
Fire authorities began to demolish buildings such as the shredder installation site and warehouse from 8 a.m. on the same day to find the ignition point.
Uiseong County has provided a package of masks to residents who complain of smoke and toxic gas caused by the fire, so 80 residents in 43 households are spending most of the day with the masks on.
Uiseong County has repeatedly filed complaints and suspended operations, but as the company filed administrative suits and left a huge amount of waste, the country came to believe that the company has no ability and will to deal with the problem, so it considered about the vicarious administrative execution, but is suffering from huge costs.
On the 2nd (local time) the UK media, The Sun, reported about the story of Tracy Larkowski(37), who saved her daughter, Shakira(15) from the threat of an assailant.
The mother of 9 children, Larkowski, saw a man with a knife running toward her daughter on October 7th, in front of a supermarket in Basildon, Essex, England.
According to an Essex police spokesperson, the man was a 22-year-old man from Basildon, who was arrested at around 4:10 a.m. of the day after the incident on charges of causing serious injuries to Larkowski’s body.
 is 116 times the size of Yeouido, and is the largest removal of a protected area since the enactment of a law protecting military bases and facilities in 2007.
The ‘Gwangju style job,’ aiming at reviving the local economy by cutting the wages and setting up the Hyundai Motor’s plants, encountered a difficulty a day before the signing ceremony.
For this day's community service for improving the residential environment, Seongdong-gu Office and Hanyang Cyber University jointly covered the expenses, and it was more meaningful as the talent and financial donations from students of the Digital Architecture and Urban Engineering Department were made.
The evaluation was divided into 14 indicators in 3 areas: institutional management, major projects, and comprehensive performance.
Major business areas such as strengthening efficiency and professionalism through dualization of the upbringing and management functions of tenant companies, revitalizing the introduction of new equipment through large-scaled new business entrustment, and excellence in technology support system were evaluated positively.
Cheongju City, North Chungcheong Province, had its 2nd graduation ceremony of the Urban Regeneration School of 2018 that aimed at the students’ understanding of urban regeneration and strengthening the capacity of residents, producing 160 graduates.
The city plans to collectively review the conditions of urban regeneration and the participation of the residents among the local teams participating in the Urban Regeneration School, and reflect them on the contest for next year's Urban Renewal New Deal project.
The ceremony was held with the presentations of each team on what they have learned for 8 weeks about the urban regeneration, and a special lecture on experts.
In the afternoon of the 5th, Yong-seop Lee(right), the Gwangju Mayor, and Jong-hae Yoon, Chairman of Gwangju Regional Office of the Federation of Korean Trade Unions (FKTU), enter the 4th Labor-Management Council meeting to discuss the “Gwangju style jobs" at the central conference room on the 3 floor of Gwangju City Hall in western Gwangju.
Consumers need to consider comparing the purchasing promotions of each manufacturer in various ways to find out the most suitable and favorable ways to purchase.
This is a two-step up from his place (7th place) in the Final 8, and Lim Yo-hwan's accumulated prize money for this year was 167 million won after getting the prize of 735,600 pesos (about 15 million won).
With their children, the members donated coal briquettes and petroleum worth 3 million won to 4 low income families in Jeonju and 5 in Jeongeup, and delivered 600 briquettes to 2 elderly people living alone.
In May, Jeonbuk Oriental Medicine Association presented 2000 dust masks to the traffic policemen in the province and thanked them for their commitment to the security of the citizens.
They have also been carrying out the free medical examination at the mobile clinic with the Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission since November of 2016, and the project of the home doctor for senior citizen centers since March of 2015.
France’s OGC Nice’s coach Patrick Vieira (42) said that he had actively dissuaded Zlatan Ibrahimovic(37, LA Galaxy) from transferring to Manchester United.
Winners & Partners is planning to launch new businesses from the first half of 2019 for smart mobility, such as revitalizing shared economy and eco-friendly electric vehicle business, a key technology of the 4th industrial revolution.
Hyundai Motor and Gwangju City, which finished the tentative agreement on the day, will conclude their final negotiations on June 6th after concluding a joint agreement on labor-management relations at Gwangju City Hall in the morning of July 5th.
Hyundai Motor's labor union and the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions oppose the Gwangju-type job, because it reduces existing jobs in the already crowded auto market and causes industry-wide wage decrease.
With main coach Sung-woo Wi and coach Ju-won Jeon leading together, the team has a strong teamwork that they have been building over the past 6 seasons, and they have the new star players helping the preexisting players, getting the evaluation saying that they are writing an invincible myth.
Eun-sil Choi, with the record of 6.33 points and 4.44 rebounds, played for 29 minutes and 10 seconds this season, and is being treated as a key player for Woori Bank.
On the 3rd, the Opposition members reported during the Council for Economic Planning and Development(CEPD)’s review of the motion that if the metropolitan government promotes a business worth more than 30 billion won, they have to undergo a central investment review, but they didn’t follow the procedure.
The members of the ruling party also raised the issue of Gangwon Province not receiving any rent from Merlin Entertainments until it reaches 2 million visitors, the possibility of additional investment from Merlin Entertainments, the damage of the local economy by the entry of the outlets, and the preservation of prehistoric remains of cultural assets.
A total of 34 organizations will participate in the Chungnam agriculture and fishery organization meeting, including 28 out of 50 agriculture and fishery organizations in the Chungnam province, and agriculture and fishery organizations in the cities and counties.
The main roles are consultation and suggestions on agriculture and fisheries policy, evaluation of agricultural settlement, field-based business investigation on agriculture and fisheries, and policy development and research.
Based on the survey on the farmers an fishermen about the establishment of agriculture and fishery organization, 72.3% of the farmers and fishermen agreed on the establishment.
On the 4th, Hanwha Total announced that the board of directors finalized the capacity expansion to produce 400,000 tons of polypropylene, 150,000 tons of ethylene and 40,000 tons of propylene per year at Daesan Plant in Chungnam Province.
Polypropylene is a synthetic resin produced from propylene, a basic petrochemical material, and is a plastic material that is used in various ways in everyday life, including electric and electronic materials, internal and external automotive materials, film and packaging materials and food containers.
Once the expansion is completed, Hanwha Total's annual production of petrochemical raw materials based on petrochemicals will increase to 1.55 million tons of ethylene and 1.1 million tons of propylene.
Hanwha Total decided to invest 900 billion won in April and December last year to expand its annual ethylene production capacity by 310,000 tons, propylene 130,000 tons and polyethylene(PE) 400,000 tons, and the company’s decision to expand will lead to a total of 1.43 trillion won worth of facility investment at its Daesan plant by 2020.
In his speech at the International Electronic Devices Meeting(IEDM) held in San Francisco, USA on June 3rd (local time), Jung said they should expand the scope of the foundry business to include design service through his keynote speech on “4th Industrial Revolution and Foundry.
It is noteworthy whether he, who had been in the trouble many times such as a drunk driving and a hit-and-run accident, could be reborn in the faith.
In Japan, FA players are divided into 3 categories according to their annual salary in the team and the compensation rules are not applied when Class C players are transferred.
Given that the government is determined to make the Gwangju-type job project a success and use it as a new model for job creation, Hyundai Motor is unlikely to ignore this situation.
Despite Hyundai Motor’s opposition, it is meaningful that the foundation for the "employment flexibility" experiment, which is the basis of Gwangju-type jobs, has been laid, given that the Gwangju City’s Labor-Management Civilian Council accepted the agreement, which stipulates 44 hours a week and an annual salary of 35 million won.
Positive shock therapy is also expected for the Korean auto industry, which has been stigmatized by 'high wages and low efficiency’ due to frequent labor disputes and strikes.
Even if a final deal is settled with Hyundai Motor, the top priority remains to resolve the issue of capital investment to set up the plant after drawing up a business plan.
They need to consider the fact that it is closely linked to tourism which is necessary for the local economy, the negative impact of foreign capital's investment in Korea if it fails, the possibility of it turning into a diplomatic issue between Korea and China, and the possibility of ruining the reputation of the nation.
The hospitals seeking high-teched and advanced medical services for profit appear, the polarization of medical services might occur, which will lead to a rise in medical costs by tearing down the health insurance system.
But for now, it seems more important to make efforts to keep the foundation of our public health policy than to think about such concerns.
Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU), including Hyundai Motor's labor union, opposes the Gwangju-type job for abstract and irrational reasons such as job losses and worsening auto markets.
The timing was also not good as he is a elite agent who will compete at the Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in January next year, unless there is an unexpected change.
He was also compared with his former Jeonbuk team senior Jae-sung Lee, who turned down the proposals from the Middle East and China and chose to go to Germany by lowering his annual salary.
He has played 29 games (2 goals) as the key player since his debut season last year, and also has played 23 matches and scored 1 goal this season.
Based on his remarkable performance at the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games, he has also joined Team A led by head coach Paulo Bento, and is said to have grown one step further as a player.
Min-jae Kim, who is well aware of this and who began to be promoted in earnest in A-matches in November, has performed well on his mission as a key link in the rear build-up after Hyun-soo Jang, who was expelled from the national team.
Brazilian mercenaries, including  Hulk, Paulinho, Oscar and Alexandre Pato, failed to reject the temptation of money and headed to China.
With Italian masterpiece Marcello Lippi taking the baton as the head coach of China, a number of European players also headed to the Chinese stage.
Guoan's attacking route is heavily dependent on them, so if Min-jae Kim decides to wear a Guoan uniform now, the only game he can take a part in is in the Asian Champions League, which has the Asian quota.
A Chinese media source said that Guoan's intention to recruit Min-jae Kim was to weaken Jeonbuk's power in the same group in the Asian Champions League.
Like this, the Chinese Super League has changed its mercenary policies every season over the past few years, depending on the rapidly changing situations.
The Chinese stage may be a place where one can spend his twilight years of his career, and where one may be dragged into by a huge salary, but I hope that it will be a new good place of challenge for Min-jae Kim.
On the 6th which was freezing cold, the merchants are warming themselves with the bonfire in the cold weather at the Nam-bu market of Wansan-gu, Jeonju, North Jeolla Province.
Dae-jip Choi, president of the Korean Medical Association, is answering the questions from reporters after meeting with Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Governor Hee-ryong Won in the morning of the 6th.
Chungnam National University has been undergoing a continuous process of collecting opinions with 4 academic organizations, including the professors' associations, students, staff and teaching assistant associations, over the revision of school rules.
In the case of the Gangnam District 3, which led to a sharp rise in apartment prices, there were intermittent deals around some relatively undervalued complexes, but they led to a drop in prices as they were undergoing the reconstruction or had quick sales from the undervalued complexes.
The demands near the Suwon World Cup Stadium Station, expectation of extended Shinbundang Line, and confirmed entry of the Starfield Mall positively affected the rise of the price.
The city said that it is planning to spend 750 million won on the project to make a 5m wide, 604m long underground road on the riverside near Geumjang Bridge Intersection, Gangbyeon-ro by May next year.
The signing ceremony, originally scheduled for 2 p.m. on the day, was canceled as Hyundai Motor expressed its firm rejection of the Labor-Management Civilian Council's agreement to revise the 'Gwangju-type jobs.'
At the stage set up at the lobby of the city hall’s 1 floor, rehearsals were held several times until the evening before to perfect the 'VIP Event', in which President Jae-in Moon was planned to attend, but it went for nothing as the event was canceled.
The city and Hyundai Motor have been having 20 marathon negotiations for 6 months since June, but they have not been able to meet the agreement.
The scheduled visitation of President Jae-in Moon to Gwangju for the signing ceremony of the investment treaty was canceled twice in the meantime, raising concerns that Gwangju may have become ‘The Boy Who Cried Wolf'.
Going one step further, they expressed a strong regret that Gwangju City, which has been saying that deleting or revising the grace clause from the collective agreement would ruin the business feasibility, and which has been entrusted with full authority by the labor union, has reversed its position numerous times.
Hyundai Motor is withstanding by opposing, because of the 3 plans the Gwangju Labor-Management Civilian Council had to revise for the reason where the labor union opposed and called the poison pills.
This is why they said that the Gwangju-type job has unintentionally turned down the visitation of the president twice a year.
The Gwangju-type jobs, which failed to overcome the last crisis in a row just before the settlement, are showing no signs of getting out of the mud-filled bumps.
Hyundai Motor and the labor union are stubbornly stating that they will not compromise on the effective date of the Labor-Management Council’s wage and collective agreement of the joint venture that has not even been established.
It will provide ancient gold coins (10,000 coins), 4th generation pet boxes, fragments of relics (1,000 pieces), myth mineral stone boxes (10 boxes), and extra fine crystal boxes (2 boxes) if you access by the 8th of this month.
On the 6th, S1 Co. and Gyeongbuk Pohang City announced that they have signed a 'contract for free security equipment such as CCTV' for the realization of residential stability of radio wave sharing apartment houses in the central conference room at the Pohang City Hall.
Jeju Governor Hee-ryong Won is visiting a pig farm in Hallym-eup, Jeju City, to look around the livestock excrement facility as part of a field communication to inspect measures to prevent illegal discharge of the animal waste.
Representatives of the labor unions, including Jong-hyeon Yun the head of the Gwangju Regional Office of the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions, refused to accept that the 'grace clause for wages and collective agreements' could not be accepted as it is a poison pill.
If the grace clause is passed, workers at the complete vehicle plant in Gwangju, which will commission Hyundai Motor, will be frozen in wages for 5 years and will not be allowed to form a labor union.
The Labor-Management Council, which was in pain because of this, was reopenped after the persuasion of Chairman Yoon and others, but the controversy over the agreement continued.
As a result of the revision of the council, the last-minute renegotiation of Gwangju City, the first shareholder of the joint venture of Gwangju complete vehicle plant, and Hyundai Motor, the second largest shareholder, has been inevitable.
The joint-venture corporation, which will be established based on the annual salary of 350 million won and 44 hours of work per week, will decide the specific wage system through discussion.
The Greenland Group, which received the government's approval, completed the construction of Greenland Medical Center last July and filed an application for permission to open the facility in August.
Greenland International Medical Center, which spent a total of 77.8 billion won, including 66.8 billion won in land purchase and construction and 11 billion won in operating expenses, will officially open in January next year with one underground floor and three above ground floors on 28,163 square meters of land in the Healthcare Town in Topyeong-dong, Seogwipo.
The police spokesman believes that when the hot water poured into the car as the glass broke, Sohn was injured and failed to escape through the back seat.
The heated water, which rose like a volcanic eruption, rapidly hit the road like a tsunami, forcing merchants and passengers to evacuate to the nearby complex buildings and high-rise apartment buildings.
The accident cut the heat supplies to 2,861 households in 3 nearby apartment complexes, causing major inconveniences to residents, who stayed up all night in the cold, relying on electric pads and heaters.
According to the ‘7 Cyber Attack Prospects to be Noticed in 2019', announced by the Korea Internet & Security Agency (KISA) along with 6 major domestic security companies including AhnLab, next year, not only the mobile devices, but also the internet of things (IoT) would be the targets of cryptojacking.
For this, some of the special bonus funds in the DS sector will be raised as the mutual cooperation expenses, and the company will contribute in a matching grant way.
The meeting of the Gwangju-based Labor-Management Civilian Council, which sought to select the “Gwangju-type jobs" tentatively agreed upon by the Gwangju City and Hyundai Motor, was finally held at 3 p.m. on the day, after it was postponed once due to opposition from labor groups, including the Federation of Korean Trade Unions.
These types of irony arise in the professional volleyball because they not only count on the winning or losing of the game, but also on the the persistence of the players’ until the very last set.
In fact, under the point differential system, a team that does not give up until the end of the game and play fiercely, will benefit.
They had so far managed to secure 1 point by chasing up to 2:3 in 2 out of 3 lost games.
Woori Card, ranked 4th, and Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance, ranked 5th, both had 7 wins and 6 losses which is the same winning rate, but they have a gap of points that is more than one game (22 points-17 points).
Among the major professional sports, the volleyball is the only sport with the point differential system, which entertains the fans by the inducing the intense competition between the teams.
Last season, Hyundai Capital, Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance and Korean Air, ranked 1st, 2nd, and 3rd in the men's division with the record of 22 wins and 14 losses, but Hyundai Capital, which had a total of 70 points and a gap of 9 points from the two other teams, went straight to the championship.
The residents of Sulcheon-myeon, Muju-gun, Jeonbuk, are raising their voices at the Muju Deogyusan Resort (Muju Resort) which is located nearby, calling for regional co-prosperity.
The residents held a 17-day assembly in November last year in front of the resort's entrance and the headquarter of Booyoung Group in Seoul, where they called for the same.
In response, the resort said it has been making efforts for the co-prosperity with residents and will continue to abide by regulations and principles.
In the afternoon of the 4th, Gwan-ha Park and her husband, who grow strawberries at a facility house in Simcheon-myeon, Yeongdong-gun, North Chungcheong Province, are holding up the red ripe strawberries while harvesting them.
Busan, which was caught in a crisis, tried to turn around with Kyung-min Ko and Joon-joon Lee in the battlefield, but it was difficult to defeat the spirit of Seoul.
The Korea Meteorological Administration said in its last month’s winter weather forecast that the ice in the polar regions are greatly reduced, and it will affect the Arctic’s weather periodically.
The imported car market went through a temporary drop in sales due to BMW’s consecutive fire accidents in July and August, but is rapidly recovering from September.
Samsung Electronics Vice Chairman Jae-yong Lee chose the stability by minimizing the transfer of the board members in his first year-end annual personnel appointment after he became Samsung's president in May this year.
The Supreme Court’s decision on the vice president was not made yet, and the economic situation is expected to be worse next year, so he chose to pursuit the innovation in the stability.
President Lee, who served as a professor at Hyundai Electronics Co., Intel Corp. and KAIST, won the 'Intel Technology Award,’ 3 times, which is awarded to the expert while serving at Intel.
SWATCH, a Swiss watch brand that holds distinctive designs and art on people’s wrists, has showcased a variety of special watches such as Shine Bright, that are good for year-end holidays, at IFC Mall to mark the holiday season.
Designed with snowflake motifs from watches to packaging, the holiday special watch has tone downed red line-brushed dial that adds the elegance.
On the 7th, as for the stock market’s "request for disclosure of the inquiry on the proposed transfer of the KOSDAQ market,” the Suppro announced that it has not yet been confirmed as an issue for the consideration, and that it will announce it if it is confirmed in detail later.
On the 3rd, the ruling and opposition parties agreed to pass a revision to the Broadcasting Act to reform the governance of public broadcasting in the National Assembly next February.
With the first cold wave watch of the year issued, they spent a meaningful time sharing the happiness of a briquette, thinking of the neighbors who have to rely on the briquettes throughout the cold winter.
God Letter was written a year before Einstein's death, and is known as a private letter with his religious and philosophical views.
The fine-tuned universe implies that many of the fundamental constants of physics are set up just right for the life to exist in the space, and it would have been difficult for the life to exist if it was only a bit different from now.
For example, in the case of Dangun mythology, after Dangun founded the country in 2333 B.C., his story was only orally passed down for at least 3600 years until it was finally written and recorded on the Memorabilia of the Three Kingdoms by Il-yeon, a Buddhist monk, in 1281 AD.
An azalea, a spring flower, bloomed against the season on the side of Jeju National University in Aradong, Jeju City, on the 7th, a day with the heavy snow, and created an exotic atmosphere.
Preedlife (Chairman Heon-joon Park) announced that it will hold a special event until the 16th of the month to celebrate the launch of Preedlife Webzine featuring useful living information and industry news.
Previously, the Daegu Metropolitan City and the Daegu Metropolitan Office of Education planned to implement free school meals for middle schools sequentially, but changed their stance to fully implement them due to strong opposition from local civic groups and others.
According to the terms of the city bus transportation, the allowance of the portable goods is less than 10 kg per person, and the volume standard is 50 cm width, 40 cm length and 20 cm height.
It has eco-friendly process facilities where the gas and dust can be filtered out in two stages and reduced by 50% to 70% more than the allowed level of air emissions.
The city is promoting with the citizen public relation activities since it has decided to adjust its emission system to separate flammable and non-flammable wastes from the end of the month.
On the 6th, NCSOFT (CEO Taek-jin Kim) signed an MOU with the Korea Manhwa Contents Agency (KOMACON) to host ‘The First NC Bufftoon Global Webtoon Star Audition.'
NC and the Korea Manhwa Contents Agency (KOMACON) held an MOU signing ceremony at the NC R&D Center to host ‘The First NC Bufftoon Global Webtoon Star Audition.'
NC and the Korea Manhwa Contents Agency (KOMACON) will select a total of 20 winning films (10 short films and 10 long films) and present the prize (a total of 70 million won) and additional prize(a total of 10 million won).

At the Ulsan, Jeonju, and Asan plants, the morning workers went on strike from 1:30 pm to 3:30 pm, and the evening workers went on strike from 10:30 pm to 0:30 am of the 7th.
In the afternoon of the 6th, the students of daycare centers attended the ‘100 Won Big Love Participation Day’ event held at the conference room in Dong-gu Office in Shinam-dong, Daegu, and donated the coins they haved saved in their piggy banks.
The “Ki-moon Ban marketing" of the North Chungcheong Province's local governments, which had been under the surface after controversy over idolization after former U.N. Secretary-General Ki-moon Ban announced his presidential bid in January 2017, is starting to come up again.
The Ministry of SMEs and Startups announced that it signed ‘an Investment Agreement for the Private and Public Sector Technology Development’ which worths 10 billion won, with Land and Housing Corporation (LH), Busan Port Authority, Korea South-East Power Co.Ltd.,  and KOFCA at the Korea Federation of Small and Medium Business, Yeouido, Seoul on the 6th.
On the 6th, the executives of the Korea International Trade Association and students of the Trade Academy are shouting “fighting” with the background of this year’s Trade Day's official slogan, 'Korean Trade, Together to the World, Together into the Future,' which was hanging on the SM Town's wall at the Trade Center in Gangnam-gu, Seoul.
Unlike in the National Basketball Association (NBA), where a rookie has the chance to become a top star right after his debut, in the MLB, a rookie has to go through the minor leagues no matter how an excellent player he is.
A total of 14 people, including 13 people who were on the train and suffered the minor pain after the accident, and one employee at Gangneung Station who was injured while monitoring the train, have been taken to a hospital for treatment.
This year, with the Gyeongbuk Community Chest, the company will prepare 2090 boxes of kimchi (8kg) worth 70 million won and deliver them to 27 social welfare facilities in Pohang, including the POSCO Sharing House, Haksan Community Welfare Center and the General Welfare Center for the Disabled.
Starting this 10th, the company will have “Communication Day" every Monday to have dinner with colleagues in the same department and set Wednesday as "Family Day" to help employees to spend their leisure time with their families after they leave the work on time.
Against this,’Diamondprox’ Danil Reshetnikov (the Commonwealth of Independent States), ‘Caps’ Rasmus Winther (Europe), ‘Broxah’ Mads Brock-Pedersen (Europe), ‘Kira’ Mykhailo Harmash (Commonwealth of Independent States), and ‘Rakin’ Rafael Knittel (Brazil) have joined the Western All-Star group.
In JTBC's “Lan Cable Life," which aired in the afternoon of July 7th, Yum-Cast participated in a recording at a studio, but all of her parts were edited and this editing process was broadcasted through the show.
Yum-Cast hosted the ‘Yum-Cast Healing Counseling Liveshow' on April 30, and was criticized for making rash remarks while advising on the problem of domestic violence.
‘Bang’ Jun-shik Bae (Korea), "Westdoor” Shu Wei Liu (Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau), “Uzi” Jian Zi-Hao (China), "Triple" Stephen Li (Oceania), "Atifact" and Nguyễn Văn Hậu (Vietnam) participated as the Oriental All-stars on the same day.
In addition, ‘Ceros’ Yoshida Kohei (Japan), ‘MLXG’ Shi-yu Liu, ‘Pabu’ Jackson Pavone (Oceania), and ‘Rockky’ Atit Phaomuang (South-East Asia) also enter the booth.
The “Gwangju-type jobs" project, which came close to reaching a settlement but went almost to collapse, is being promoted by changing the main part of the negotiations.
The mayor has decided to narrow the gap between the co-prosperity council's decision, which is a controversial issue, for 'The 5-year Grace Clause of Wage and Collective Agreement'.
First of all, it secured 200 million won for the "Hyeongsan River Pollution and Earth Purification Project," which is worth 49.5 billion won, along with 100 million won for feasibility study to create a "National Disaster Prevention Education Park," which is woth 100 billion won, and which will provide momentum for ecological restoration of the Hyeongsan River and the creation of a hydropower space.
On top of this, the 24 billion won (total 45.5 billion won) was secured for the special rehabilitation project for the safe city construction to overcome the earthquake damage, and a total of 4.2 billion won (total 10 billion won) for the life-friendly SOC project such as multi-purpose gymnasium, and fine dust reduction forest.
The weather forecast said the lowest temperature in the morning would be minus 7 degrees in Seoul, minus 11 degrees in Chuncheon, minus 3 degrees in Gangneung, minus 4 degrees in Gwangju, and minus 1 degree in Busan, all in Celcius degrees.
Fire officials assumed that while residents were out with the electric pads on on their sofa, the electric pads overheated and caught fire.
When outsourcing safety management, there is a concern that it is difficult for subcontractors who are responsible for this task to work properly because they feel pressured.
Jeju Island is now in the process of reorganizing the administrative system operated as a single metropolitan council into 'administrative city zone adjustment' and 'mayor direct election system'.
In the 9th, Jeju provincial government stated that it accepted the recommendation of the Jeju Provincial Administrative Reform Committee, which was established in June last year, and submitted ‘the motion for mayor direct election system (assembly not organized, exclusion of party nomination)’ to the council to introduce during the special meeting of the council that starts in the 17th.
In July 2005, before the launch of the Jeju Special Self-governing Province in Jeju, 4 provinces and counties were merged into 2 administrative cities through a referendum, and the administrative system was reorganized to have the nominative mayor instead of the elected official.
Recently, the groups including the Jeju Citizens’ Social Organizion say that the mayor direct election system without council is invalid and unrealistic, and the only alternative would be the revival of the basic local government.
Jeonbuk province announced on October 10th that the amendment bill of 'the Special Act on the Promotion and Support of the Saemangeum Project (Saemangeum Special Act)' passed through the plenary session of the National Assembly on 7th, so the internal development of Saemangeum is expected to be facilitated.
This was 25% more than last year's budget (894.7 billion won), and is the first time in 27 years since the Saemangeum project started that the national budget exceeded 1 trillion won.
The city has completed all administrative procedures such as listening to the project approval of the land registration committee in September and granting the city planning facility project plan, and is working on preparations before the construction starts.
The city expects to attract 1.27 million tourists per year when the ropeway is completed, resulting in an annual economic incentive of 50 billion won.
Based on the service results, the city will establish a safe viewing environment through the stabilization of the head of Buddha, the reinforcement of stonework, and replacement of protection.
In the final match of the World Championship, a total of 6 national teams, including 2 Korean national players, who have been selected through 3 online tournaments and national team finals since August, will compete.
In the first game of the round 3, he played as the starting player against Hyundai Capital, but he couldn’t perform as well as in his previous matches.
Fellow Choi recently leaded designations of high bandwith HBM2 such as D-Lam and LPDDR5 and counted as a contributing leader who secured the main competitiveness of Samsung Semi-conductor in future.
Yang Eui JI was awarded as a catcher in KBO Golden Glove Award 2018 which was taken place in COEX Auditorium Gangnam, Seoul in 10th.
As a music lover, Gramophone and Organ appear and charms of Christmas tree are impressive; all of these is a reappearance of an old picture by a photographer Lee Hyo Seok. 
This team brought an idea of placing a panel next to ARISU drinking fountain in a subway station.
In question of reasons in not drinking ARISU; most respondents, 121 people said that it was because of distrust in drainpipe and second most answers with 71 people pointed out scent of raw running water. 
Several ideas such as a 'blind-test' comparing ARISU with purified water and spring water and so as 'ARISU QUIZ' become a campaign. 
There were 32 companies that were planned to be placed in KCC UlSAN Industrial Park which is still in contstruction; companies actually running today are only 16. 
This is the phenomenon not only apprears in UlSAN but also in Gujae, Gyeong-nam and Goksung, Jeon-nam where manufactuaring force is in danger.
Expected amount of snowcover in South Gangwon, inland Gyeong-buk, west inland Gyeong-nam, Chung-buk, Ulreung-do, Dok-do are between 2 to 7cm; Gangwon-do, inland Chung-nam, inland Jeolla, inland Gyeong-nam, West Gyeong-buk, mountainside Jeju are between 1 to 3cm; east Gyeong-gi is maximum 1cm.
On Wednesday which is tomorrow (12th), the whole country will have sunny weather due to the effect of high pressure in the central part of China. However, there would be many clouds in the West Coast of Jeolla provinces and Jeju Island and and it might snow on some mountains in Jeju Island in the early morning.
Tomorrow (12th) on Wednesday, the whole parts in country will have sunny weather due to the effect of high pressure in the central part of China, but it would be cloudy at some places in the West Coast of Jeolla provinces and Jeju Island, and it might snow on some mountains in Jeju Island in the early morning.
The donations will be sent to the social welfare community charity and are used to support the basic livelihood and education of vulnerable groups such as children, adolescents and the elderly, to improve the environment of the local community, and to provide healthcare support.
POSCO has been participating as the sharing partner of Community Chest of Korea annually since 1999, has extended donations to group companies since 2004, and donated total of 132 billion won until last year.
On the 10th (local time), the South Korean Environment Minister Myoung-rae Cho is shaking hands with Fatma Zohra Zerouati, Algerian Minister of Environment and Renewable Energy, at the Korea Information Center in the Conference of the Parties of the 24th United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change to prepare guidelines for implementation of the Paris Agreement in Katowice, Poland.
In order to prevent corruption and improve integrity, Ulleung-gun is pursuing for a clean and permanent self-learning system, operation of a Cheongbaek-e (continuous monitoring) system, and a daily audit of construction, service and purchase of goods.
On the 10th (local time), the Daily Mail of the UK captured the scene where an elephant was abused at a zoo in Samut Prakan Province, Thailand.
The professional baseball world was in shock when the former NC Dinos player Tae-yang Lee (26) revealed the truth in which 6 current professional baseball players are involved in match-fixing and illegal gambling.
It was the Nexen Club that brought controversy when it brought Woo-jin Ahn (19) to the first division right after it suspended him from 50 games because of the high school violence.
Children’s behavior might worsen as they imitate their parents, and if they are excessively scolded, they become angry and rebellious against their parents, eventually worsening as the time passes.
In many cases, children are not used to express the anger in words, not only in the age range where the language is not sufficiently developed yet, but also in the later years.
Currently, 4 mining companies produce 2000 tons of illite annually and provide them to various fields such as industrial, agricultural, stock feed and so on.
On August 10th, the Jeongseon County Council announced a statement calling for the complete restoration of Jeongseon Alpine Centre and the preservation as Olympic heritage at the Council’s plenary chamber.
The KGC, which marks its 18th anniversary this year, will be held on the theme of 'The Way To Survive', and there will be lectures by domestic and foreign game experts and networking between developers.
Although Air Pohang (Best Airline), which recently discontinued the operations, requested for the support saying that it would continue the operation starting in March next year, but the city decided to watch the normalization process first, since there would be difficulties to re-enter such as administrative procedures and the purchase of new aircraft.
In the 11th, the Korean health and Medical Workers’ Union (Chairman Soon-ja Nah) announced that it will convene a meeting of national branch managers at the Union's Life Hall on the 12th to declare a strike for resignation of Jeju Governor Hee-ryong Won and withdrawal of permission for the for-profit hospital.
On the 30th of the previous month, the city was selected for the "Children's Traffic Safety Park Project" organized by the Gyeongsangbuk-do Province to raise awareness of traffic safety for children and establish an advanced transportation culture.
This project will include a traffic safety culture park that can be linked with existing facilities or provide traffic safety education and experience for both the children and adults.
The city plans to complete the project in May of 2020 after going through the process of changing the Hwangseong Park development plan and basic design from next year and going into construction by May next year.
Among them, Eui-ji Yang (31), who decided to transfer to Doosan Bears from NC Dinos, got 331 votes out of 399 votes and won the honor of the most votes.
The city plans to make a safe festival place by completely blocking the approach of illegal street vendors and ensuring safety management in order to revitalize the local economy and create clean and safe festivals.
The KORAIL President Young-sik Oh, who said that he would resign from his presidency to take the responsibility for the train accidents, is having an interview with the reporters in front of the headquarters lobby of the Korean Railroad Corporation at Dong-gu, Daejeon in the afternoon of the 11th.
Considering high-quailty service for users in this facility, it calls the value of regarding people at Dong Back Won.  
Active support for recharge and self-development for facility staff actually enriches the quality of life for users. 
From Russian Ambassador to the U.S., Deputy Prime Minister to people who are believed to have a connection with the Russian intelligence such as pop-star, former lightlifter, lawyer, former  army officer, were in action. 
 They secretly contacted at least 14 significant members at Trump's side during the 18-month presidential campaign process and the presidential transition period following Trump's victory.
Among friends and acquaintances, Paul Manafort who was the former campaign chief and who was already a target of Muller , Michael Cohen, a former private attorney, and Roger Stone, a political adviser during the presidential election, contacted Russian officials.
Hong-seok Yang, who announced his early entry into the pro league while attending Chung-Ang University as a freshman last year, was named as the second of all of the new drafts by KT.
It was controversial when two short-term teachers' deaths who lost their lives while trying to save the students at the the sinking of MV Sewol were not recognized as deaths on duty.
If their ‘deaths on duty' are approved, it will be possible to apply for registration as men of national merit or a veteran's compensation recipient of the Ministry Patriots & Veterans Affairs and receive the exceptional respect after the screening by the Patriots and Veterans Review Committee.
Jang-hyun Yoon, a former mayor of Gwangju, who back to the country in the early morning of the previous day, is being questioned on the 10th at the Gwangju District Prosecutor's Office in Gwangju province, who is allegedly charged with violating public office election law, abuse of authority and obstruction of business.
The Ministry of Environment has decided to define Joylong’s electric van, E6, as an eco-friendly medium-sized bus, and to provide the subsidy of 60 million won per vehicle in accordance with the electric vehicle subsidy standard.
The city sent a letter requesting the submission of a detailed investment plan 4 times until last month after postponing the 'Joylong Korea E6 Electric Vehicle Subsidy Deliberation Committee' last August.
Last October, the Gwangju City employees visited the headquarter of Joylong in China, and met with the General Manager, Wang Rongfa, to urge him to comply with the investment agreement.
On the 10th, the Hanwha Corp. announced that Dawonsys Co., Ltd., Shipbuilding Co., Ltd., which manufactures the components of rolling stock, and has a co-prosperity partnership with Hanhwa, has signed a 43 million won worth contract of 'a supply business of 100 carriages to Myanmar'' with the Myanmar National Railway.
It is likely that criticism that the decision to maintain the listing has strengthened the logic of ‘too big to fail’ would come out.
The subscribers to wired and wireless lines will be exempted from the fee for 1 month, subscribers to general phones based on copper cables for 6 months, and Internet subscribers based on copper cables for 3 months.
The Korean Christian Worker Mission Corporation (Hanjinseon) held the 37th anniversary service and the 38th regular general meeting in Chongkyo Church at Sajikro Road, Jongno-gu, Seoul, and elected Eun-gyu Park (Daejeon, the Full Gospel Church, photo) as an elder .
Jecheon Police Station is reportedly asking Interpol to conduct a joint investigation and urge Microdot’s parents to voluntarily return to Korea to secure their whereabouts, but they are refusing to do so.
The 'Smart App Awards', which celebrates its 9th anniversary this year, is one of the largest and most prestigious Smart App Appraisals Awards in Korea, awarding the most innovative and outstanding mobile apps of the year.
This calls for a change in the direction of the development method, where LH would take the development profit, and the local governments would take the financial burden, drawing an attention to the repercussions of local governments across the country.
Russian President Vladimir Putin, who was faced with the national opposition after putting up a reform bill to raise the pension age, announced that he would lower the pension age for women only.
The White Counter, a non-governmental organization that provides demonstration statistics, estimated that around 9000 demonstrators gathered around the Kremlin Palace, the presidential palace of Moscow.
Funds for school trips are designed to reduce the burden of parents' education expenses and to contribute to overcoming low birth rates through realization of universal educational welfare rather than selective education welfare.
The national athletes selected on the 27th of last month gathered at the National Training Center (NFC) of Gyeonggi Province on the 3rd with the rain coming down and received intense training such as 2: 2 mini games from the first day. 

Hanwha executives and employees will organize groups with the youths to accompany all the courses and help the teenagers on their bicycle trips.
It was early Monday morning, but this place was filled with hundreds of people waiting for the national soccer team for 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games.
Chinese President Hu Jintao is expected to meet with heads of Pacific Islands before and after the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Economic Leaders' Meeting in Papua New Guinea this November.
These agencies decided to collect the garbage by employing ships, excavators, manpower, etc., and then bury household garbage and provide trees and plants as compost or firewood for local residents after natural drying.

As announced in March, U.S. cars can be exported to Korea from 25,000 to 50,000 vehicles per year if they meet safety standards.
It reflected the factor that investors did not sue the South Korean government in a rash moment and protected the government's legitimate policy authority.
Compared with the renegotiation of the U.S.-North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which was held at roughly the same time as the Korea-U.S. FTA revision negotiation, it is analyzed that there were favorable results for Korea in the automotive sector, however, the results for the Investor State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) left much to be desired.
South Korea's soccer team, starting with head coach Paulo Bento (49), has entered a full-scale training session on April 4 in preparation for A match this month.
At the moment when hope like a gold medal of the Asian Games is rising in soccer world, the debut of Bento's team is an event which attracts the attention of many fans.
It is interesting that the only foreign coach who made his debut defeat was former head coach Guus Hiddink who created the legend of reaching the semifinals at the 2002 Korea-Japan World.
Former head coach Johannes Bonfrere won Bahrain (2-0), former head coach Dick Advogat and Pim Bearback won their debut against Iran (2-0) and Taiwan (3-0) respectively.
He was at the top of the foreign head coaches based just on the total score, but was promptly replaced because of the lackluster game and lack of tactics in the regional qualifiers for the Russia World Cup.
In the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Game from 18th last month to 2nd, Hwang Jae-kyun won the gold medal in the final match with Japan by participating as the third baseman of the baseball team.
By tallying up the total number of points players have acquired over the last 2 years, the top 8 Ryder Cup winners will have right of participation, and 4 will be recommended by the general manager.
In this case, December 2021 will be the last time for the recruitment of auxiliary police, but the selection of the police athletes seems to be stopped earlier.
In terms of the baseball team, considering the 2020 Summer Olympics which are about to be held in Tokyo and the players who are going to join the army this year, it is necessary to take a grace period.
As the controversy over the benefits of the sports player's military service has increased with the Asian Games, starting with Korean Olympic Committee (KOC), the Military Manpower Administration(MMA) is also considering the ways to reduce military service benefits.
At the time of the application for this year's contest, some autonomous regions were reluctant to take up the Urban Renewal New Deal business by abandoning the application for the reasons of financial burden for business accumulation and poor financial condition.
As the city and district burden ratio is adjusted to 7 to 3, the province expects to have positive impacts on the city's participation in the project, increase in the number of new deal projects, and the promotion of business linkage with ministries.
Despite sending professional baseball players with the cut-off in the regular season, the controversy continued as they lost to the Taiwanese amateur baseball team and won the Japanese community baseball team with difficulty. 
The 'energy-up-cycling' project, which uses the heat source of a petrochemical plant in Incheon as a district heating and cooling energy, will be carried out for the first in the field.
Incheon, SK Incheon Petrochem Co., Ltd., Incheon Total Energy Company, and Cheongna Energy concluded an agreement on 'Supply of district heating and cooling heat' to supply stable cooling and heating energy in Incheon City Hall on 5th.
Energy-up cycling refers to activities that increase the utilization value of low-efficiency energy generated in the production process as a secondary energy resource which is also helpful for preventing environmental pollution.
The ceremony was attended by more than 10 officials including Heo Jong-sik, deputy major of Ministry of Finance and Economy of Incheon, 
Choi Nam-gyu, president of  SK Incheon Petrochem Co., Ltd., 
Lee Tae-hyung, the director of Incheon Total Energy Company, and Cho Young-Dae, the director of Cheongna Energy.
The purpose of this agreement is to efficiently link heat energy of production process at SK Incheon Petrochem Co., Ltd. with the network infrastructure of thermal pipe network of collective energy company to supply heat source for heating and cooling stably to large scale residential complex in Incheon area.
The total supply amount is about 280,000 Gcal (37MW class combined-cycle power plant production) per year, which can be used by 40,000 households in one year.
In accordance with the agreement, Incheon City will support the construction of heat recovery process facilities, and SK Incheon Petrochem Co., Ltd is planning to  encourage mutual growth of the local community and contribute to the local community by establishing conditions for continuously supplying high-quality heat sources through process changes.
Huh has been controversial because he has selected two sons, Huh-ung (director) and Huh-hoon (kt), as national team players for Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games.
Despite their equivocal height and skill, Huh-ung and Huh-hoon put the mark of Taegeuk by overcoming competitors such as MVP of the league in the same position and the first assistant.
There are a total of 7 Korean players participating in the world championships, and they consist of four men: Jung Jin-hwa, Kim Seung-jin, Seo chang-wan and Lee Woo-jin and three women: Yang Su-jin, Choi Ju-hyee and Kim Eun-joo.
The survey will be conducted until early November and plans to investigate the actual conditions of forest products such as kinds of trees, quantity and size, specific forest products such as wild plants and special crops that can increase the income of local residents, and reflect them in the management plan formulation.
On the afternoon of the 5th, participants are shouting slogans in front of the old Japanese embassy in Jongno-gu, Seoul, where the Wednesday demonstrations are held to resolve the slavery issue of the Japanese military.
The book translated into Russian is a revised version of the first book, 'Alcohol; the thing people choose and the people chosen by alcohol',  published in 2009.
In the future, we plan to collaborate with places that have a great potential for growth and can be managed continuously with steadily updated contents for customers, and we will continue to develop apps using contents with not only the coloring books but also the know-how of Ye Studio .
Jeju Island annouced on the 5th that it would hold 'Jeju ecological photo exhibition' from 19th to 31st of next month at the Korean Cultural Center in Rome, Italy in order to publicize the ecotourism resources of Jeju.
This photo exhibition was part of a public relations and marketing cooperative project to create a Jeju-type global eco-tourism hub and was promoted in accordance with the business agreement between Jeju Island and (c)Jeju Olle in March.
Jeju Olle has entered into a 'Friendship Road' with overseas trails such as Japan, Canada, Britain, Australia, Italy and Greece. On May 28th, they signed a new "friendship road" with Li Xianway of Turkey and the kabaran way of culture and history in Tamsui of Taiwan.
The issue of equity with the Taiwanese team, which consists mainly of amateur players and the Japanese team, which consists of only players in the community baseball league, has been raised, but it has not responded much.
It is time to face the fact that Son Heung-min in the soccer team won the gold medal and wasn't reviled, however, Oh ji-hwan and Park Hae-min could not escape from the swamp of criticism even though they won the gold medal .
If the baseball team does not come up with a solution first, politicians can use public opinion to block all the ways of privileges.
Earlier, Mayor Antonio Harilie of the City of Tanau was killed by a sniper in a flag-raising ceremony in front of the city hall in July.
In the process of reorganizing the game market that passed from online to mobile, Nintendo switch has made it back to its former reputation, though it seems to be falling into the downfall by insisting only on video games.
After the showcase, reviews posted by the audience who were struck with not only Sun-mi's high-quality performance but also her "sincerity" made a splash on the social media and online communities.
The missing artifacts included the 12,000-year-old female skull "Lucia", the oldest one in the Americas, the largest meteorite in Brazil, which was found in 1784 and a size of 5.36 tons. and rare dinosaur fossils etc.
Oh Seung-hwan started early in the eighth inning, when the team advanced to 7-5, gave up three points in one innings  and  left the mound in the game against the San Francisco Giants at Coors Field in Denver, Colorado, USA. on 4th (KST).
Phil Mickelson finished tied for 12th by picking up four shots, and Tiger Woods who finished on even par stayed at 24th with a total of 7 under par.
As the Asian game that ended on the 2nd day still lingers after it was over, the heat of the 2018 National Sports Festival and National Sports Festival for the disabled, which are the largest athletic events in Korea and scheduled to be held in Jeonbuk in a month, is on the rise.
Jeonbuk Province is focusing its full attention on efforts at the preparations for two conventions scheduled to be held this year, which is the anniversay of the 1000 year-long history of Jeolla-do.
The Jeonbuk province announced on the 4th that the 99th National Athletic Meet will be held at the 73 stadiums of 14 cities and counties in the province centered on Iksan city from 12 to 18 next month.
In May, Jeonbuk Province presented 100 invitations to North Korean athletes in five sports such as soccer, volleyball, basketball, table tennis and badminton to the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
 It hasn't been confirmed yet, but if North Korean athletes participate, it is expected that Jeonbuk will become the center of peace on the Korean peninsula again after the North Korean demonstration team visited the World Taekwondo Championships held at Taekwondowon in Muju last year.
Jeonbuk Province and Jeonbuk Sports Council are making every effort to establish information communication infrastructure and support transportation of athletes as well as to construct stadium facilities and prepare for opening and closing ceremonies so that the two largest events will be held as the best sports festivals ever.
The organizing committee is preparing various performances with the intention of directing the opening and closing ceremony of the contest as an epic that implies the 1,000 year-long history and spirit of Jeollanamdo.
In the East Coatst forest fire prevention Center, the nation's first collaborative organization, 22 staffs from 10 agencies including Korea Forest Service, the Meteorological Administration, Gangwon Forestry Department, Gangwon Fire HeadQuarters, East Coast 6 cities and counties, work as a team for 24 hours to prevent fires.
To commemorate this, in January 2003, Cheongju City enacted the "Cheongju City Jikji Day Ordinance" and designated September 4 as Jikji Day.
Iran's government, against US exit from Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) and the restoration of sanctions, stressed that the nuclear agreement with three European nations (Britain, France, Germany) and the European Union(EU) should be actually implemented until November 4.
Europe is looking for a way for small and medium-sized companies to import and trade Iranian crude oil instead of large corporations with a strong connection with the United States, but the situation is not clear.
As demand for premium phones is declining due to the stagnation of the smartphone market, it will be interpreted as an option to take an advantage over the competition with Chinese companies that focus on providing high cost-effective products.
Ahn Hyun-soo, who won the 1000m, 1500m and 5000m relay gold medals at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, became the 'Short Track Emperor' with his triple crown.
Ahn Hyun-soo showed his best skills at the Sochi Olympic Games and won 4 medals, including gold medals in 500m, 1000m, 5000m relay race and a bronze medal in 1500m race.
Ryu Hyun-jin struck out his first batter, Ahmed Rosario, from the third base with a ground ball by reading the video and also handled Jeff McNeil, the second player, with an ordinary fly ball in center field.
KOREA SOUTHERN POWER CO.,LTD (KOSPO) won the first prize and Baek Seung-Yong(Samjoo Co.,LTC) was 2nd in the sharing section. Jurye 2-dong residential environment improvement volunteers won the first prize and  the 2nd was Sun Tae-Sook in the service section. In Giving section, the voluntary group of Yuhan Passenger Corp.  was at the top and AIR BUSAN CO., LTD ranked 2nd. 
We will provide online live streaming service through YouTube to attend Open House for domestic and foreign applicants who can not participate in the event, and shuttle bus will be operated between Daejeon Banseok station and KTX Osong Station to provide convenience for attendees.
Overcoming the pain of division with Intercity Train eXpress(ITX)-Cheongchun; Chuncheon, Hwacheon, Yanggu with hope'(Kim Hong-tae), which showed the hope for overcoming division with security tourism in Gangwon Provincwas, was selected for the excellence award.
In order to prevent soil erosion and landscapes from being damaged, the government has strengthened standards by changing the inclination of power-generating solar arrays from 25 degrees to 15 degrees.
Miracle Co., Ltd. said that it is providing consulting on installation of solar power plant in farming insects building based on experience in solar power plant construction, edible insects breeding, and smart farm construction.
Miracle Co., Ltd. is planning to construct 7 large-scale solar power plants capable of producing 10 MW per hour at Nonsan in Chungnam, Cheongsong in Gyeongbuk, Icheon in Gyeonggi Province and Dangjin in Chungnam Province.
In addition, funding for the site of a solar power plant with farming insects, which is sold at about 10-20% less than the general sale price to buyers who want want to get a stable income is also being done.
Last month, when he was wearing the Washington Nationals uniform, he attracted a lot of attention by throwing a glove down in the mound and staring at a dugout after a home run.
Cheongju University(President Chung Sung-bong) and the 37th Infantry Division of the Army(Major general 
Lee Dong-seok) signed a business agreement in the conference room of the main building of Cheongju University on June 6 and decided to cooperate in the operation of scholarship system, etc. 
Under the agreement, Cheongju University will operate a scholarship system (master's and doctoral programs) for those who are nominated by 37th Army Infantry Division chief, and the 37th Division will support the military service experience of Cheongju University students in military science.
The former president was handed over to the court on charges of 16 incidents such as DAS slush fund creation, corporate tax portal, abuse of authority, and bribery.
There was a strong argument between the opinion that it would be difficult to change trends due to the remaining unfavorable factors and the opinion that additional rebound would continue because of resistance to negative factors.
According to Korea Exchange (KRX), the number of orders over 100 million won by individual investors in the KOSDAQ market from January to August reached 12,499, up 161.21% year-on-year.
Jeonbuk Province announced on the 5th that the number of tourists in the Gochang Ungok wetland, dolmens, and Buan Jikso Falls at the end of June this year more than doubled from the same period last year.
This result is interpreted as a result of the increase in the value of geographical sites and various related resources such as ecology, history, and culture as these regions become brands of national geological parks.
The project selected last year will be implemented starting with plans from this month, and the project selected this year will go into business by the first half of next year after practicality and feasibility study of the Ministry of Land.
In addition, the purpose of the low-floor bus purchasing business is to introduce 259 low-floor buses by 2021 for guaranteeing the right of movement and convenience of the transportation vulnerable.
The activity assistant was educated by the center not to stay in the user's home during the break, but to go out for spending personal time and return to the user's home after the break, but he didn't understand where he was going with this.
Yang Tae-young, who played 10 points in starting his performance in the individual parallel bars competition, eventually received 9.9 points from the referees, and Paul Hamm of the United States won the gold medal.
The institute and Mr. Blind A that raised the lawsuit  pointed out that the financial institution caused discrimination against persons with disabilities in violation of applicable laws.
Woods, who had 1 eagle, 7 birdies, and 1 bogey, hit an eight-under-par 62 in the first round of the Anaheim Mining Golf Club (par 70, 7190 yards) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and shared the lead with Rory McGill on 7th(KST).
This is the best record for Woods in the first round of his PGA Tour since he hit 61 in the Byron Nelson Classic in 1999.
After catching the birdie from the first hole, he recorded the birdie continuously in holes 12 and 13, and he further reduced the number of strokes by having an eagle in the 16th hole.
The participants were composed of 22 people including  Ulsan mayor Song Cheol-ho, Hwang Se-young city council chairperson, the Korea Chamber of Commerce & Industry (KCCI)  vice chairman Cha Eui-hwan, Ulsan Port Authority president Ko Sang-Hwan and local business representatives.
Through the MOU, the city hopes to expand the foreign exchange cities in the Russian Far East and establish a foundation for promoting economic cooperation in connection with new North Korean policies.
In addition, the delegation will visit the enterprises that have entered the market in Vladivostok, the overseas Korean conference, and the infrastructure facilities of the port terminal, which is the center of the Far East development strategy.
Williams defeated Anastasia Sebastova (18th) by 2-0 (6-3, 6-0) at the US Open women's semifinals held at the Billy Jean King National Tennis Center in New York on 7th (KST).
In the game, he was pushed to 0-2 by Sebastova until the second round, but then showed his dominant ability to win all the games
The Milk Self-Management Committee (Chairman Lee Seung-ho) will hold a ceremony for the 2018 Milk diet Challenge at the 3rd Space, located near the southern terminal of Seocho-gu, Seoul, at 7 pm on November 11.
Whey protein secretes hormones that regulate the appetite, and serves to suppress food intake. The casein protein prevents the breakdown of muscle proteins and supplies the nutrients needed for tissue production by remaining in the body for a long time.
All of the above missions were made on video and uploaded on the Milk Self-Management Committee website and various SNS channels such as Facebook, Blog, Naver TV Cast.
Jeju Tourism Organizaiton announced on July 7 that it has signed a business agreement to establish a sustainable tourism promotion network for a win-win cooperation system with public organizations and private associations in the tourism sector.
Under the agreement, each organization will share information on policies and projects required for tourism development in Jeju, and will promote joint projects to realize social values.
Jeju-do and Jeju Tourism Organization announced on July 7 that they will invite the production team of Korea Fan Club (www.koreafanclub.com), a Korean tourist information site in Thailand, to Jeju on 9th for the production of online contents tailored for Thai tourists.
During their stay, they will visit and experience a total of 19 attractions:  tourist attractions, restaurants, and accommodation facilities that are favored by Thai individual tourists, and new tourist contents in Jeju.
Jeju Tourism Agency will invite them to the 'Korea Culture & Tourism Festival 2018' held in Bangkok, Thailand from the 6th of next month, and let them introduce new contents which they experienced in Jeju to potential tourists interested in Jeju travel.
Gang Jeong-ho, who failed to play in the 2017 season due to a drunk driving accident, started training at the end of April this year after receiving a work visa.
Undergraduate and graduate students related to forest, landscape, architecture, urban planning and design majors and general people can participate; individuals or teams of up to 5 people can participate.
Foreigners net sold 771.9 billion won on this day, the largest amount of net foreigners' daily net selling in five years since June 21, 2013 (800.9 billion won).
In addition to work-related harassment, the proportion of 'personal harassment', such as insults, making mischief between employees and taking the managers' personl duty, was also 20.1%.
First, the provincial education office will discuss the enactment of the regulations on support for school uniforms with each city and county next year, and it will support the free school uniform budget from 2020.
This project was carried out in lease form through the lowest price open bidding, and the budget of 9.1 billion won was saved than when it was leased at the registration price of the Public Procurement Service.
Kim Bok-bum, the head coach of the Korean national soccer team under the age of 23, held a press conference for the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games and evaluated his students.
As a result of the monitoring of coffee shops and fast food restaurants in the metropolitan area, 4 out of 10 have used disposable cups in stores.
An easy way to get rid of it is to burn it, but when burning it produces various substances harmful to human body such as dioxin as well as carbon dioxide.
The final deadline for mankind to increase the proportion of renewable energy by 2% per year is 2035, but if humanity increases the share of renewable energy by 5% every year, the time is likely to be delayed by 10 years.
Unfortunately, as the share of renewable energy is slowly increasing to just 3.6% from the late 1990s to 2017, it's near impossible.
According to Lee, Kim resided in Nonsan, Chungcheongnam-do, and on December 1, 2001, when his first child entered elementary school, his wife and the child just moved to a residence located in Pyeongchang-dong, Jongno-gu, Seoul.
The BBC reported on Saturday (March 3) that the pole dancing in a kindergarten in Bao'an District of Shenzhen, Guangdong Province aroused controversy, quoting Southern Metropolis Daily.
In addition, the players' fatigue was piled up because the contest was held just after the Koshien, and also delayed team formation seems to be one factor.
Otani, who played a series of home runs in the previous two games, also had the second consecutive three home runs of this season.
Otani hit the 19th homer of the season against Chicago White Sox in the major league game at Latefield, Chicago, Illinois, on August 8(KST).
Otani, who was diagnosed with a new injury on his right elbow as a result of the surveillance test on 6th, was recommended for surgery.
In the Bible, the Decabolis is a collection of ten cities and small towns from Damascus (the capital of Syria) to the south: Kanata, Hippo, Dion, Rafana, Gadara, Sugadovoli, Bella, Gerasa, and Philadelphia (Amman, the capital of Jordan), mostly located east of the Jordan River.
Osaka Naomi(21) won the title of the major tennis tournament with the US Open championship for the first time in the history of the Japanese, but had to feel uncomfortable at the awards ceremony because of the noise generated during the process.
Osaka beat Williams 2-0 (6-2, 6-4) in the US Open women's singles final at the Billy Jean King National Tennis Center in New York on September 9.
On September 10th, World Suicide Prevention Day designated by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the International Suicide Prevention, Association (IASP), events related to the suicide prevention and the culture of life are held every year.
The provincial Fisheries Resources Department also cooperates with Seocheon County to crack down on illegal aquaculture facilities and offers information with automatic water temperature gauges to the fish farms so that fishermen can use the smartphone app to check the water temperature in real time.
The water quality analysis is carried out twice a month from September to March during the cultivation season of seaweed and once a month during non-cultivation.
Gyejoksan Mountain Red Clay Road where more than 1 million tourists visit each year is one of the representative attractions of Daejeon that have various programs.
After the season, he tried to advance into the major leagues through the posting system, but none of the clubs bid on him.
In the Korea Star Craft League (KSL) final held at Yes 24 Hall in Gwangjin-gu, Seoul on 8th, Lee Jae-Dong lost 0: 4 to Kim Sung-hyun and missed the championship.
Lee Jae-dong quickly succeeded in preventing Kim Sung-hyun's first advance by producing ultra risk, but he did not stop Kim Sung-Hyun's additional second and third attack, and gave him the core 3 o'clock direction multi.
Jung Seul-Ki finished in 16th with a 3-under-par in the 1st round, and shared 4th place by reducing to 5 strokes in the 2nd round, but the possibility of winning was not great.
The government upgraded the level of the MERS crisis warning from 'interest' to 'attention' as MERS-infected patient was reported in three years and the number of people who A closely contacted after entering the country increased to 22.
Tesla shares plummeted 9 % once and fell 6.3 % to close at 263.24 dollars on 7th(local time), Bloomberg News reported. 
Dave Morton, who joined Tesla as a manager of accounting last month, resigned in a month, and chief engineers and sales executives quit the company one after another in July.
This candidate, who has served as a special investigative committee chairperson for the April 16 ferry disaster, is a member of Lawyers for Democratic Society, Kim is a member of the International Human Rights Law Research Society, and Yoo is a member of Uri Law Research society.
Park Chan-ho, who received the military service exception for the Asian Games baseball gold medal, would like to express his sorryness to the people of his age group.
The direct reason is the fairness of the certain players' selection, but there is a public opinion that can not tolerate unfair exceptions at the base.
Talented athleteS and artists should not lose their chances, but it seems to have overlooked the side effects of the system for too long.
Oh Seung-Hwan, who allowed three runs and two home runs in an inning against the San Francisco Giants, was on shaky ground again with allowing an extra-base hit.
Starbucks Coffee Korea has announced that it will start using paper straws for about two months from 10th at 100 stores in Seoul, Busan and Jeju.
Starbucks said the test operation will be implemented as a part of the green campaign called "Greener Starbucks Korea" and it will be expanded to nationwide stores in November after a customer survey on color, pros and cons of the product.
At the demonstration store, only one of the five types of straws provided by Starbucks, which is the most commonly used for ice drink beverage, is replaced with paper straws.
It is expected that Soccer Alternative School, which Son Woong-Jung, Son Heung-min's father, is establishing, will present a new direction for Korean youth soccer.
It is expected that the soccer education infrastructure will be greatly expanded compared to the current SON soccer academy, where director Son and 3 coaches teach about 30 children.
The investment for young people is a desire of director Son who has experienced Korean soccer by and raising his son with his own dream after his unlucky player life. 
He has been on the field twice or more in four consecutive games since he recorded hits and walks in the game against the Los Angeles Angels on 6th.
The robber who committed the crime with wearing the ladies' clothes had the electric guns which is used in the construction to intimidate the bank tellers and steal money.
The government and power generation companies have conducted model supply business and field tests on bio heavy oil since 2014, and decided to supply biofuel from the next year, confirming that it is suitable for power generation.
CNN reported that Williams was fined by breaking her tennis racket and insulting the referee in the final of the US Open tennis tournament women's singles final in New York on the 8th.
The number of students (32) and staff members (2) who have suspected food poisoning by eating cakes from school meals of Pulmuone affiliates in Jeju has reached a total of 34 so far.
9 of them are hospitalized, 10 are receiving outpatient treatment, and 6 with mild symptoms are on medication and self-treatment.
Chung Un-chan, the president of KBO, decided to express his position on recent events in the baseball world on 12th, including the controversy about Oh Ji-hwan and Park Hae-min's military service exception.
Since the necessity of reconsideration of special military service at government level is being mentioned, it is expected that his position on the issue will be expressed in any way.
As there was no time to figure out the detailed characteristics of all athletes, it was a natural choice to use a lot of players who participated in the last World Cup.
I actively directed to overlap the side wingback for the plan that Lee-yong and Hong-cheol pulled up the line with a high level for attack when the side midfielder narrowed the space in the middle.
With Bento's tactical style, Kwon Kyung-won, who mainly focuses on positioning and intelligent play, can be another option.
Except Kim Young-kwon and Jang Hyun-soo, who have already solidified their positions, there are Kim Jong-hyun,  Kim Min-jae, who have performed well in the Asian Games, Oh Won-seok and Yoon Young-sun who were former World Cup members.
During the test, only one of five different types of straw provided by Starbucks depending on the type of beverage, which is the most commonly used for ice drink beverage, is replaced with paper straws.
The plastic straws (21 cm in length) used by Starbucks domestic stores for one year are about 180 million pieces, the total length of these pieces is enough to wrap up the earth once(about 38,800 km long).
Hwang Ui-jo, who made his professional debut in Seongnam in 2013 after passing through the Seongnam Youth team of Pungsaeng Middle School and Pungsaeng High School, has been the team's sign striker for more than four seasons.
Hwang In-bum, who made his A team debut against Costa Rica on the 7th after a big success in the Asian game, is a prospect who has been raised by Daejeon Citizen.
The Federation has been promoting the development of youth players by introducing the Youth Club Evaluation and Certification System (Youth Trust) which benchmarked 'Double Pass', which created the golden generation of Belgium last year.
The Daejeon team, which was reorganized as director Go jong-su's system this season, has ranked fourth in the league ranking with 7undefeated marches in recent games, and driven increasing competition.
This season, Daejeon has been pushing forward with physical advantages and started to play soccer with organic pass.
Korea Forest Service, which held a national "Memory Forest" contest for all local governments from May 15 to July 13, finally selected Boryeong-si, Chungnam, as the destination.
Ssangyong E & C has achieved success continuously in the overseas order market by winning two high-end building projects in Malaysia and the United Arab Emirates.
Ssangyong E & C announced on 10th that it has won a total of 380 million dollars (about 420 billion won) for the construction of the Oxley Towers in Malaysia and Dubai Andaz Hotel in UAE.
Sofitel Hotel (79th floor), Jumiere Hotel and Residence (49th floor) and office (29th floor) will be entered and a 7-story podium (pedestal) connecting these buildings will be constructed.
Ssangyong E & C succeeded in winning orders with high score on the overall evaluation, including technical expertise and hotel construction results, without offering the lowest price during the bidding process.
Chinese President Hu Jintao will meet Russian President Vladimir Putin for the first time after he took office at the Eastern Economic Forum(EEF) in Vladivostok, Russia.
A Syrian helicopter has dropped 60 "barrel bombs" containing explosives and debris in Hobeit, Idlib, in northwestern Syrian, Reuters reported.
The two-day attack was due to the failure of the Idlib armistice agreement at the summit of the three countries, Russia, Iran and Turkey in Teheran on 7th.
Following in Henry Sosa’s footsteps, Kia Yang Hyun-jong threw 163 innings, Doosan Bears Josh Lindblum threw 162.2 innings, and Nexen Heroes' Jake Brigham threw 161 innings this season.
The production team explained that if Park Ji-sung records three attack points in a morning football game, 10 million won will be donated to the treatment for the childhood cancer patients.
According to New China News Agency and Newsis, a criminal organization raided the Homu Gonzawa Abanchenz prison in Juan Pesoa, the capital of the northeastern Farabe province, on 9th, and 105 prisoners escaped in the confusion with a gunflight.
Police said they used explosives to smash the 5-meter-high prison front door and intruded to get the prisoners out, and the gunfight took place in the process.
Keagan Bradley won the US PGA Tour play-offs (PO) at the third BMW championship after thrilling overtime at Newtown Square Aranie Mink Golf Course in Pennsylvania, USA, on 11th(KST).
It is said that the campaign is encouraging the people to participate in protests against the increase in the pension age, which is held nationwide on the same day as local elections.
The first store in Starbucks Milano, which is a "Reserve Roastery" store with a floor space of about 700 square meters, has developed a high-end strategy to cope with the local café culture that is familiar to espresso.
In fact, Tottenham doesn't have certain key players except for the 'main' Harry Kane (26), Delle Ali (23) and Cristian Ericsen (27).
Erik Lamela (27), Son Heung-min (27), Lucas Moura (27), Musa Shisoko (30) and Georges Kevin (23) are competing for the remaining one place.
On the afternoon of November 11, two weeks ahead of Chuseok, an employee of KORAIL Daejeon Chungnam Headquarters Vehicle Office is checking the train at the checkpoint.
KBS, which is widely known as a movie investment and content distributor, and KBS, which has broadcasted independent films through 'KBS Independent Cinema', will organize a new award to promote Korean independent film respectively.
The Korea Rural Community Corporation (President Choi Kyu-sung) held a 'Workshop for Local Development Projects' in KT Human Resource Development Center in Daejeon from November 11th to 12th, attracting about 270 officials of regional development projects.
The workshop was designed to share policy directions and best practices in rural development and to discuss the ways for reducing errors which can be placed with promoting the project.
At 11:34 am on Oct 10th, a 171t tugboat was flooded by a reef near Maryang Port in Seochon-gun, Chungcheong, and officials of Boryeong Coast Guard took emergency measures.
Jeju City is getting a great response by providing a 'customized map for delivery service' for free, which is useful for small merchants who operate restaurants and chicken shops.
The guide map is 170cm × 90cm standard, and major information such as road section, road name, building number is written in detail, so it helps the merchants confirm the directions easily when the delivery order comes in.
The areas supported with the guid map are courier/delivery business, restaurant business, and A/S service business that use the street name address, the research suggests that more than 700 places have downloaded and used the map so far.
The back of the truck which stopped slowly in front of the porch was loaded with 50 yellow sacks of 20kg white rice.
The main cause of the formation of soot residue on the intake system that air enters is actually the accumulation of exhaust generated by the engine due to the lack of fuel technology, when returning to the engine via the intake system through exhaust-gas recirculation(EGR).
3Entech notes that because of the soot accumulated in the air intake system which is for combustion, the amount of air sucked into the engine becomes insufficient, and then exhaust comes out more and more and the fuel loss becomes relatively large.
The event, which was attended by more than 3,000 people, including Yang Seung-jo, governor of Chungnam province and livestock farmers in the province, was sponsored by Chungnam province and chaired by the Nonghyup Chungnam Regional Headquarters.
The judges selected the awardees by evaluating their appearance such as development status and body sizes, color of skin and fur, neck thickness, belly, tail, leg length, hoof and gait.
The top prizes in the categories of Korean native cattle were won by the female calf (Nam Sung-hee, Hongseong-gun), Lim Soon-nae (Cheongyang-gun) in the Heifer division, Kim Sun-hee (Cheongyang-gun) in the Suckler cow 1st Division, Kim Sang-soo (Buyeo-gun) in 2nd Division and Baek Jeong-gi (Nonsan-si) in the 3rd Division, respectively.
The Grand Prize and Excellence Prize winners will appear as Chungnam representative in the National Competition for Korean native cattle in Anseong, Gyeonggi Province next month.
Cheongju Jaseng Hospital of Korean Medicine treats spinal and joint diseases such as back disk, neck disk, spinal stenosis, degenerative arthritis, and traffic accident injury through the cooperation between western and oriental medicine.
Cheongju Jaeseng Hospital of Korean Medicine, which has a total of 83 beds, is equipped with 4 oriental medicine departments (Oriental Rehabilitation Medicine, Oriental internal medicine, Acupuncture, Oriental Medicine and  Oriental Neuropsychiatry) and 2 Western Medicine Departments (Radiology and General Medicine), and conducts cooperative medical treatment of oriental medicine and medicine.
Pao, an exercise equipment, which singer Psy had in his month for facercise, recorded 10,000 sales orders in the launching of home shopping in June.
Only one video work of Argentine writer Adrian Vishar Lohas is in one place, on the other hand, the original energy was damaged in the 7th theme hall as 34 pieces of artwork were stuck together.
This year, in commemoration of the reopening of the newly renovated animation museum, there will be richer events such as radio live broadcasts, characters' field day.
There will be events such as field day where participants can play with popular characters in animation, a costume play experience being a cartoon character, and an outdoor animation screening event.
It is pointed out that it is urgent to provide political support and measures for the prevention of abuse at the national level for those who can be at high risk of being abused, such as the disabled with difficulties in communication.
Incheon Jung-gu announced on 11th that 『the 11th Jung-gu Social Welfare Expo in commemoration of 2018 World Social Work Day』 ,which is set up by the Jung-gu Community Welfare Association, was successfully held at the Free Park Plaza on the 8th, with over 2,500 people from local residents and social welfare workers.
At this event, seven men of social welfare merits, who were recognized for their dedication to promoting community welfare, received a commendation.
These include traditional farming systems that are worth preserving and retaining; such as cultures, landscapes, and biodiversity fostered in connection with traditional agriculture.
Because of the lightness of the topsoil, it was necessary to remove the stones as they were exposed due to wind and rain, and by using these stones for building field walls, we were able to prevent strong winds and manage volcanic ash.
Depending on the way they are built, they are called as #외담# (a single-layered wall), #접담#(a double-layered wall), #잣담#(a wide stack of fences), and #잡굽담# (a wall with small stones on the bottom and large stones on the top).
This gap functions as a guard to keep the field walls from falling by acting as a force to pass the wind when there is a strong wind, such as a typhoon.
The 'Jeju field walls Festival', which is held to nationalize and globalize the values and significance of the field walls of Jeju, is a representative autumn festival held by Jeju Island and the Jeju Province Agricultural Heritage Committee.
In the festival where you can experience the beautiful autumn scenery of Jeju and unique farming culture, you can learn the excellent science technology, creativity and historicity of field walls through the activities such as building a field wall and rolling stones.
In addition to participating in various contest programs, you can also enjoy plentiful food that villagers carefully prepare by using Jeju ingredients.
Field farming activities, where participants wearing traditional clothes of Jeju, named #갈옷#, can harvest crops and plant seedlings, and Field Wall food contest to make food using agricultural products from Jeju are also increasing in popularity over the years.
The Field walls Brand Promotion Hall and the Jeju Traditional Farm Equipment Exhibition Hall, which are operated during the festival period, are enough to present educational opportunities to younger generations and memories to older generations.
Though the 9/11 terrorist attacks which shocked the world are on its 17th anniversary on 11th, the 'war on terror' is not showing signs of ending.
739.9 billion dollars (about 824 trillion won), 49% of the total, was used for the invasion of Iraq, and 584.3 billion dollars (about 659 trillion won), 39% of the total, was used in the Afghan invasion.
Chung Un-chan, president of KBO and 10 CEOs of professional clubs, held a board meeting on November 11 and decided the total amount of new foreign athletes' contracts to be 1 million dollars including salary (including options), down payment and transfer fee from next year.
In this case, Korea will be able to qualify for the competition by defeating Taiwan and Australia, which are evaluated as competitors in Premiere 12.
It seems like that they have already forgotten that they incurred the resentment of fans by stopping in the regular season for 3 weeks for the Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games.
Rather than rescheduling, they need to think of a variety of ways, including shortening break time for the All-Star games, doubleheaders and Monday's games.
The Ciroo direct water purifier is the first direct water purifier equipped with the RO membrane filter, which has the highest removal efficiency against contaminants, and has a dense and fine removal performance.
After finishing the World Cup schedule, former director Shin quietly put down the baton without a common retirement ceremony as his contract with the Football Association ended.
The Football Association acknowledged Shin's excellence in winning the game against Germany and added him on a list of candidates for the coaching position, but it felt failure keenly about passing the group stage, which was its initial goal.
In 2 A matches against Costa Rica and Chile on the 7th and 11th, Jang Hyun-soo was enough to get a pass despite several clearing mistakes.
Before the end of the match against Chile, his back pass to goalkeeper Kim Jin-hyun was short, giving Diego Valdez ownership of the ball.
It was expected to take an attempt to find the best system based on the four back according to the character of the team.
In Bento's football, which emphasizes dynamism, the main part of the pass is a way of opening the left and right side through the central midfielder, but the start is from the central defender.
The opponents' team midfielders, including Arturo Vidal, who has a lot of clubs in Europe, Diego Rubio and Angelo Sagall, are experienced.
Except for the two players who have certainly established their positions, there are Jung Seung-hyun and Kim Min-jae, who have performed well in the Asian games, and Oh Ban-suk and Yoon Young-sun, who were the former World Cup members.
In his club J-League FC Tokyo he is an impressive player, who is enough for getting the captain’s arm band as the first foreigner captain in club's history, however, when he is in the national team, his body and head are so tense as if they are firm.
Kim Young-kwon, who co-ordinated together, is the core of the defensive that can not be missed in the national team, but can not play a single match until before A match.
Actually, Lee Kang-hoo, in November 2012, hosted a policy seminar on bio-energy fuel utilization plan by inviting officials of related ministries, agencies and power generation companies.
The paper also quoted the results of the study by the Korea Petroleum Quality & Distribution Authority, saying that biofuel oil can reduce sulfur oxide, which is the main cause of fine dust, and can reduce nitrogen oxide by 39%, fine dust by 28% and greenhouse gas by 85% compared with heavy oil.
The new iPhone model is said to have a face ID (facial recognition) instead of a home button, and be in the notch design (a part of the upper screen of the smart phone is carved) that inherits the iPhone X released last year.
Jeju Green party and the non-governmental organization, 'Citizens who want to do something for protecting the Bijarim-ro', held a press conference in front of Jeju Special Self-Governing Province on the afternoon of December 12, urging Won hee-ryong, the governor of Jeju-do, to actively solve the problem of Bijarim-ro.
If each athlete does not compete with its grades and wipes out the basics from the time of childhood, it is guaranteed that they will be able to create the power to advance to the World Cup semifinals.
In the festival, there will be a variety of events for enjoying traditional culture such as fishing boat parade, street family fishing tournament, dried yellow corvina tasting, grilling seafood, catching fish with bare hands, and Jeju Ollegil Trail Route 18-1 course exploration.
The festival promotion committee plans to increase the frequency of 'Queen Star 2', which is a regular passenger ship of Jeju-Chuja route, so that tourists can visit Chuja Island comfortably and safely.
The Chuja Island's dried yellow corvina Festival was launched in 2008 to promote the excellence of the dried yellow corvina and attract tourists to the OlleGil Trail with the beautiful background of Chuja Island.
In this part, issues such as recruitment through the establishment of subsidiaries and the conversion and elimination of full-time workers after the independent evaluation of irregular workers were decided.
The industry-Academic cooperation Foundation of Ajou University, which was responsible for the review, compared the three alternatives: expansion of Jeju Airport, construction of a new large-scale Jeju airport, and construction of the second airport.
The research team also selected 31 sites including Sungsan-eup as candidates for a preliminary feasibility study and evaluated generally the airspace, weather, obstacles, noise, environment, etc. through the first to third stages. As a result, Sungsan received the highest score of 89 out of 100 .
Chinese President Hu Jintao and Russian President Vladimir Putin attended the third summit of the year on 11th, and revealed a check against the United States.
In the 2nd inning with 2 outs and a full base, Choi Ji-man hit his left thigh with a ball thrown by opponent starter Kory Clover, and raised the RBI.
Suseong-gu said on December 12 that men who asked for anonymity donated 10kg rice 2000 bags and 1200 boxes of ramen for their desperate neighbors.
He was known as Park, who was from South Pyeongan Province and came down to the south during the Korean War, earning money as a merchant in Seomun Market.
Jeju Disaster & Safety Countermeasures Headquarters also asked the citizens to pay attention to facility management and safety accidents so that there will be no damage through the guide message sent to the citizens.
South Korea hit Chile in the 4-2-3-1 formation with Hwang In-Jo (Gamba Osaka) at the forefront, setting up Sohn Heung-min (Tottenham Hotspur) Nam Tae-hee (Al Duhail) and Hwang Hee-chan (Hamburg) in the second line.
Chile set Angelo Sagall (Pachuca) and Diego Rubio (Sporting Kansas) on the front row forward and Arturo Vidal (FC Barcelona) and Gary Medel (Beşiktaş) as the starters.
Vidal, who received a pass from Mauricio Isla (Fenerbahçe) in the 17th minute of the second half, hit a shot in front of the goal but it was not a goal.
The 'Peaceful City Percussion Performance' team, which won the silver prize, the best prize in the Special K Korean Classical Music category for the disabled, will also show their ability.
For Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd, which has set its goal of defeating Samsung Electronics in the smartphone market, its title, 'The World's First Foldable Book', can be a great strength.
In increased competition during the low-growth era, we have become more sensitive to the rules of the game for guaranteeing fairness, and from this point we can not just look at unfair practices existed in every corner of society.
It is hoped that those who are in the important positions of the central and local governments and the decision makers around the society will carefully read Chung's letter of apology. 
Uhm Il Suk, the president of Air Phillip, Kim San, the governor of Jeonnam Muan, and Jung Sang-guk, the regional director of Muan International Airport, signed an MOU on May 12 at Muan County Office to promote Muan International Airport and to improve its business cooperation system.
The agreement includes the relocation of Air Phillip's Muan headquarters with administrative support, business support for Muan International Airport by related organizations, and mutual cooperation to establish new air routes.
The total number of international students enrolled this year, including 230 undergraduates (general, transfer, double degree exchange students and exchange students), 46 masters, 26 doctoral students, and 82 trainees, is 384.
The foreign students have 64 nationalities including Ghana, Guatemala, Nigeria, Germany, Malaysia, Mexico, USA, Bulgaria, Brazil, Algeria, Sweden, Uganda, India, Japan, China, Chile, Kazakhstan, Cambodia, Paraguay and Finland,etc.
The entrance ceremony was held in opening ceremony and congratulatory address, introduction of professor in charge of GSI department, introduction and welcoming of students, celebration stage and commemorative photographing.
Kang Jung-ho's worries will be deepened because he can not play immediately with his drunk driving career according to the strengthened KBO regulations, and domestic public opinion is also critical.
This campaign will be accompanied by a 'Project Everything', consisting of two creators engaged in the advertising industry, to reflect gender-specific perspectives on illegal filming and to ensure effective progress.
Cumulative precipitation by major sites was 120.6㎜ in Jeju, 177.1㎜ in Seogwipo, 318.8㎜ in Seonggwo, 13.7㎜ in Gosan, 311㎜ in National Typhoon center, and 326㎜ in Hwasan Sungpanak at 11:00 am on the day.
Buildings such as houses, hospitals, elementary schools, and nursing homes were flooded, in places where drainage was not smooth, rainwater flowed into the roads, causing five vehicle isolation accidents.
Jeju Complex Sports Center, which suffered a flood damage due to the damage of the roof by the typhoon "Solic" last month, was again damaged by the heavy rain before the repair work was over.
As a result of the investigation about the possibility of withdrawal of subscription for paid contents by the Korea Consumer Agency, 39 out of 45 mobile apps surveyed (86.7%) were able to withdraw subscriptions.
Citizens and businesses wishing to apply must submit an electric vehicle sales office and purchase contract to the city's Environmental Policy Division by the 21st.
Measures such as targets, standards, and methods have been specified as the fine dust emergency reduction measures being implemented by the public and administrative organizations in the Seoul metropolitan area are extended to the private sector nationwide.
Professor Yosua Benjio of Montreal University in Canada, Professor Joel Pino of McGill University in Canada, Professor Aaron Courville of Montreal and Professor  Yang Eun-ho of KAIST also gave lectures.
At the time of the Ottoman Turks, a nomadic tribe settled in the present Kuwait region against the rule of the Ottoman Empire.
Iraqi Saddam Hussein, who got a regional military power in the Iraq war, made a mistake that the United States would not intervene, unilaterally invaded Kuwait in 1990 and forced Kuwait into Iraq's 18th state.
After the invasion of Iraq, Kuwait has had the largest proportion of national security and terrorism prevention, and 15,000 US troops pulling out of Iraq have been stationed in Kuwait. 
After the invasion of Iraq, it suffered from security instability and economic development also slowed down. However, after Saddam Hussein's regime collapsed after the US war in Iraq, security anxiety has been resolved and the economic development has been pulled back.
The sooner the child is treated, the sooner the serious case will become mild, the mild children will be able to live as normal as possible.
The Administrative and Autonomous Committee of provincial assembly has also approved a revision of the 'Basic Ordinance on Human Rights in Chungcheongnam-do,' which was initiated by Lee gong-hwi, a Chungnam provincial member of Democratic Party of Korea.
Pyotr Verzilov(30), a male member of the Pushy Riot, is receiving inpatient treatment at the Moscow hospital's toxicology intensive care unit on March 13, international wire reports such as Russia's Itar-Tass news agency said.
Pushy Riot members have been sentenced to two years in prison for singing songs with the anti-Putin tendency in a cathedral in Moscow in the past.
Spirometra tapeworm is known to be a cause of sparganosis, inducing symptoms such as seizures, memory loss, and headache when it infiltrates into the brain.
The spirometric tapeworm adult occurs only in the intestines of dogs and cats, but other animals are also exposed to infection if the faeces of animal with tapeworms contaminate water.
It was analyzing that Stripling was scheduled to pitch 1 day ahead of schedule on 13th due to a lack of pitchers, and Ryu Hyun-jin rested for one more day.
The slogan of this event is 'Human Love, Life Love, Happiness Samcheok', which is designed to sound the alarm about disregard for lives which was pervasive in our society, raise awareness of life respect and spread a healthy social culture. 
There will be a 'Traditional Market Day' event in which relevant institutions, organizations, corporations and government officials from all over the country participate, at Bukpyeong Traditional Market on 18th, and at the central market of the East Sea on 21th.
This measure was reportedly prepared after the incident, when Russia was putting up fake news to influence elections in the 2016 US presidential election.
In a released statement, Facebook announced that it will begin checking facts to prevent the distribution of fake information with new visual forms.
The number of rescue operations is 1,475 in 2015, 1,598 in 2016, and 1,445 in 2017, and rescue teams responded to a total of 1,506 mountain accidents per year for the past three years.
The Chungnam research director, who is currently under the process of appointment, agreed not to take part this time due to concerns of having a vacancy for a long time.
The hearing is held within 20 days of receiving the request of the person who has the appointive powers. and the period is limited to one day without change.
The applicant must submit a resume, a family relationship certificate, copy of resident registration, an abstract of the resident registration , a certificate of graduation from the last school, a career certificate, a copy of the certificate, and a job performance plan, and also respond to requests for additional materials.
Reports in the Philippines say the typhoon "Mangkhuk," which is accompanied by winds of 255 km/h, is approaching the northern part of the Philippines on March 14.
It came from the inconvenience that users experienced all the while due to the dualized system between the transit time of city buses in the city center of Suncheon and the free transfer time of rural buses and metropolitan buses.
Recently, several online communities have uploaded the same video titled 'Sohn Heungmin, who doesn't know how to use a vending machine', 'Seong Heung Min's shaking eyes looking at the broken vending machine'.
In the video, Sohn Heung-min was captured on the train heading to the Paju National Training Center in Gyeonggi Province on the 5th, before the upcoming 2 tryout matches.
The report, attended by more than 30 people, including Yang Seung-jo, the governor of the government, Na So-yeol, a vice-governor of the State Affairs Committee, a head of a department, a director of a bureau, the directors of the headquarters, and and the consultant, was held as a general report on the pledge action plan of the 7th civilian line, reports by pledge and discussions.
According to the report, the total cost of the project by year is estimated to be 1.255 trillion won for this year, 2.39 trillion won for next year, 3.209 trillion won in 2020, 2.3796 trillion won in 2021, and 2.115 trillion won in 2022.
This forum is held in a way that professionals, related organizations, and citizens gather together to exchange various opinions.
Prior to the debate, Chairman Kim Young-shik of the Korea Social Solidarity Economic and Local Government Council will have a keynote, entitled 'Seeking a Plan for Social Innovation' and Chairman Choi Hyun-sun, a member of the Popular Sovereignty Committee of the Presidential Policy Planning Committee, will give a keynote speech on 'Social Value Realization and Government Innovation' respectively.
The discussion will be conducted by Professor Kang Byeong-soo of Chungnam National University and participated by Song Cha-yeon, the head of Daejeon civic community,  Cho Sung-chil, a member of Daejeon City council, Professor Kwak Hyun-geun of Daejeon University, Chief researcher Jeon Dae-wook, of Korea Local Government Research Institute, Yu Byung-sun Research fellow of Daejeon Sejong Researcher and  Kim Yong-du,the Creative Innovation Officer of Daejeon City.
The basic group to which the civil servant of controversy belonged showed it problem in the personnel verification system by transferring the public officer to Daegu city without notifying the fact even after being informed of the investigation by police in July.
The latest US media bleacher report details what Bryant was like to the younger NBA players who played in the US men's basketball team together during the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
Players who got better due to Kobe's influence, according to Kidd's rate, are Cambio Anthony, Chris Paul, and James.
Early morning practice might not be helpful for the athletes who had already had their own opinions about basketball to improve their skills, many people inside and outside the NBA said, recalling the "morning club" at the time.
Prior to the controversy, Chilean midfielder Diego Valdez (Morelia) provoked racial controversy by pulling both sides of his eye with fingers when he took a picture with a Korean football fan to provoke racial controversy.
The KOSPI closed up 32.02 points (1.40%) to 2318.25 from the previous trading day, and the Kosdaq index closed at 834.91, up 3.96 points (48%) from the previous trading day on the afternoon of the 14th, the closing market is displayed in the KEB Hana Bank Dealing Room of Jung-gu, Seoul.
 In the 12th final round of the KLPGA Lakeside Championship 2018 at the Gunsan Country Club (par 72, 5835 yards) on the 14th, Jung Il-mi, who had 2 bogeys and 3 birdies with saving 1 par, won the first round of the tournament with a final total of 4-under-par 140.
Jung Il-mi has done in a good way to enter the top 10 of the 11 tournaments of this year's Champions Tour.
Strobe, who sprinted to the 1st base, was reported to feel pain when stretching his last foot toward the base.
After Strobe was injured, Madden was criticized for not using the pinch-hitter at Strob's bat.
Jeju and the committee commemorating the 70th anniversary of Jeju 4·3 event announced on 13th that they will promote '4 · 3 Peace Travel' for all citizens and select 20 sites for 4·3 sites for tourists, and produce and distribute 10,000 maps.
Maps of the sites can be obtained free of charge at the Jeju Airport, 4ㆍ3 Peace Park, National Disability Association, or through the 'Disability in Jeju' application for the disabled.
The hydrogen committee, which Hyundai Motor Company head as a co-chairman, held the '3rd Hydrogen Committee Meeting' in San Francisco, USA on March 13 (local time) and presented a vision for the digital revolution that hydrogen and hydrogen fuel cell technology will create.
At the event, a research report by McKinsey, a global consulting firm that emphasized hydrogen's competitiveness as a solution to the energy shortage, was also announced.
Hydrogen has a high energy density and is easy to charge, it is analyzed that hydrogen is especially useful in public transportation and logistics aviation sector, which operates on fixed long distance routes.
It's not just Garnett or Crawford who are looking forward to Derrick Martell Rose's good performance for next season.
The Solar Living Sympathy Idea Contest on idea products applicable to real life with solar power, attended by nationwide public, high school, university students and small and medium-sized venture businesses, will also go off.
The delegation of the 16-member delegation including Chansavath BOUPHA, the Minister of Energy of the Laos Energy Ministry of Mines will schedule a visit to the solar cluster, Osong high-tech medical complex, and company visit.
At the ceremony event, celebration performances of Japanese traditional performance team "Kiyamacho" and Chinese "Saino Band" are held, and official events starting at 7pm will include a ceremony sush as '#혼불깨움식#' using torch lit from Woongjin (Gongju) and Sabi (Buyeo).
Ssangyong's 'No-No-Sa' (Ssangyong Motor union, Metal Union Ssangyong branch, company) was reported to have reached a tentative settlement to reinstate all dismissed workers by the first half of next year at the negotiations held on July 13 at the Presidential Economic, Social and Labor Committee of Seoul Jongno-gu.
The Subcommittee on Communication Deliberation judged that it was inevitable to demand corrective action, as Chul-gu had been consistently receiving 5 'corrective requests' and 4 'self-regulatory strengthening recommendations' from the committee after 2015, and had negative effects on children and adolescents with excessive abuse.
A, who was accused of mediating prostitution to six people including Gina, was sentenced to one year in prison and a fine of 10 million won in February last year
Considering that Abramovich's owner was appointed in 2003, the huge ambition of Mansour, who does not spare money, can be measured.
According to a report in the U.K.’s Sunday Mirror on 16th(KST), Juventus offered a proposal to pay cash with Dybala in order to sign Paul Fogg Bar (25), who left for Manchester United.
The discord with the director Jose Mourinho about the position problem is not getting tasteless,  and there is speculation about not only a return to Juventus also a move to FC Barcelona.
He tied for the 2nd place in the 3rd round and hoped to win the title the day before, and he caught three birdies on the day, but it was a shame he was shaken by making the double bogeys and 2 bogeys in the 2nd half.
Lee Jung-eun (6) was tied for 6th with a 10-under 274, the 2nd highest ranking Korean player in the tournament.
You must carefully consider the requirements for housing and property income in qualifications to apply, this time I want to talk about furniture requirements.
Pastor Kim Sang-gil, who was appointed as the second class teacher, served as: the director of the Full Gospel theology institute, professor at Daejeon Theological Seminary, the religious director of Kukmin Ilbo and president of the faith community.
The worship service was attended by Kang Young-sun, the vice-president of The Assemblies of God of Korea, Yeouido, Lee Tae-keun, vice-chairman of the vice-chief, Pastor Kang In-seon, Ahn Seung-chul, the chairman of the Christian Council of Daejeon City, Park Byoung-seok, a member of the National Assembly, Wang Byeong-taek, the president of Daejeon West District, vice-president Ahn Byeong-dong, and the pastor Kim Woo-yeon manager.
3 people, including 2 miners and 13-year-old child, were killed in a landslide project in Bengkeng-Ito, 198 kilometers north of Manila.
The indoor space boasts a massive loading space of up to 2313ℓ when folding the rest of the seats except for 1 row, and it can secure 594ℓ of space even when the passengers are boarded in all seats up to 3 rows including the driver.
In AMOREPACIFIC CORPORATION's Laneige, Mamonde, Sulwhasoo, IOPE, and Hera, the new MLBB 'mashed rose' concept lip color which naturally suits all skin tones was newly introduced.
This year's event, which was held with the theme of 'Going into the Gyeongbuk Village with Story', included the City and County Public Relations Hall, the Village Story Cultural Performance Festival, the village specialty store, and the village food competition.
Otani hit his 1st home run in the first inning as a 4-run homer in the home game against the Seattle Mariners in the 2018 major leagues at the Angel Stadium of Anaheim, California. on 16th(local time)
With a 2-0 lead, 1 out, no runners in the end of the 1st round, Otani linked Ela Sumo Ramirez's 5th ball to a solo home run.
Ulsan won a 2-0 victory thanks to Junior's opening goal and Lee Keun-ho's wedge goal, showing a good appearance in front of the crowd gathered at the stadium.
here will be fog areas around the inland in the morning until morning, and winds will blow in the throughout the coasts of Jeju-do and southern coast east until tomorrow. There will be thunderstorms and lightning strikes.
It starts when South Korea's baseball team lost its preliminary match against Taiwan, which is composed mainly of amateur players and won the Japanese national team, which is composed of community players, with difficulty. 
As a result, the organization of the Asian game team that has been used as a military service escape route and the ransom bubble issue of professional baseball players have been raised as problems in earnest, and the unemployed-amateur baseball team has emerged as an alternative.
Chung Un-chan, the president of KBO, apologized for the controversy about the LG Twins Oh Ji-hwan and the Samsung Lions Park Hae-min's military service exception at a news conference on 12th.
Kim eung-yong, president of the Korea Baseball Softball Association, and Kim Joo-young, the president of the Federation of Korean Trade Unions, signed an agreement to establish an unemployed-amateur baseball team on 11th.
It is hard to get much money compared to professional baseball players, but it has the advantage of being able to play baseball continuously in a stable environment.
If these rules apply to all future amateur competitions, it will be helpful for the unemplyed -amateur baseball team to find its way around.
Jacob deGrom (New York Mets), who suffered from bad luck this season, failed to win the multiplier again.
Texas, the bottom of the American League West, suffered a knockdown just before the series sweep and lost 2 consecutive wins with 64 wins and 85 losses; San Diego finishing 2 consecutive losing streaks, reached 60 wins (90 losses).
Yeondang Methodist Church was founded on January 3, 1907 by Elder Lee Byeong-tae, who received the Gospel through missionaries and believed in Jesus.
In addition to Eliud Kipchoge who achieved world record, Amos Kipruto (2hr 06m 23s) took second place, Wilson Kipsang (2hr 06m 48s) took third place, and Kenya players swept from 1st to 3rd places.
Lim Chang-yong was announced as a starting pitcher on the away game against Samsung Lions in Daegu on the 18th. If he comes in as scheduled, the total number of Korean, American, and Japanese professional baseball games he competes in will be 1000 games in total.
On the morning of the 17th, Won Hee-ryong, the governor of the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province, visiting the Salle Cafe, 'The 1st Shop of job sharing with hope', is making Jeju-style Buckwheat Pancake.
Scott Morrison, Australia's new prime minister, has expressed his love for US President Donald Trump, the Guardian reported on 17th(local time).
This system, an indirect heating method using mixed heating medium, is characterized by reducing weight by more than 70t and power consumption by more than 30% compared to conventional glycol method.
The next-generation LNG-FSRU with this system is expected to save up to 650,000 dolloars (about 730 million won) in annual operating costs.
The city, selected by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, and Transport as '2019 National Road Warning Signal Construction Project', plans to install smart traffic lights at 25 intersections including National Highway No. 35 (from the Shinheung 3-way intersection to Hwalcheon 3-way intersection) for 1.5 billion won (1.2 billion won for national expenses and 300 million won for Ulsan city) by the end of next year.
After the installation of the traffic light, it plans to promote the advance publicity such as briefing sessions provided by visiting center for senior citizens and health center, banners, distribution of promotional materials, and the installation of guards, for residents who are not familiar with the traffic system change.
Ulsan City introduced this system at 13 intersections including 2017 National Road No.35 (from the entrance of OTTOGI. Corporation to the entrance of the former Road Construction), and had a result that the average stopping delay of vehicles decreased by 23.1%, traffic time decreased by 13.2%, and signal violations decreased by 16.9%.
The unprecedented heat and heavy rain have gone by, but it can be confirmed that the autumn is approaching this year again from the appearance of the rice that is getting yellow.
Rice has surged 32.6% on the basis of traditional market prices due to the decrease in production in the previous year, and prices of Chinese cabbage, radish and spinach have increased due to the harsh crops in the scorching heat.
In fact, the sales of 'Beksul Cookit korean pancake: potato, pumpkin, and kimchii' were released 10 times in late August after 2 months since CJ CheilJedang release in June.
The League of Legends, which was selected for the demonstration, has gained worldwide popularity with 57.6 million viewers at its own convention (LoL World Championship).
The 64th Baekje Cultural Festival held a spectacular opening ceremony on September 15th in Gudeurae, Buyeo-gun and started its-9-day-program until the 22nd.
f there is no preliminary schedule after October 1, doubleheaders are held on the second day of the same match, and on the single game of the same match, and later followed by rearrangement
The professional baseball team is opposed to playing games or doubleheaders without guaranteeing a single day off Monday for the reason that it is directly connected with the deterioration of the performance.
It is no longer feasible to schedule games in a hurry at the end of the season
and to wait for fans coming.
Applications can be made from the 27th of this month to the 26th of next month on the internet homepage of Cheongju city (citizen participation, citizen receipt) with the required documents, and subsidies is available in order of shipment and registration.
Triple-corp.com announced on the 18th that the total number of subscribers to TRIPLE, an overseas travel guide app that provides real-time information on restaurants and tourist attractions, has exceeded 2 million.
YK Dongrami and Hana Financial Group had a business agreement to support the 'birth promotion policy', and agreed to promote various events for sharing the seriousness of the declining birth rate and taking voluntary measures against it.
Ryu Hyun-jin, who has gone through a long gap with a shoulder injury, was excluded from the postseason entry with his pitch slightly lowered last year.
Ryu Hyun-jin, who had a good average ERA of two points throughout the season, eventually threw out a good selectees like Alex Wood and Maeda Kenta and stayed in the starting rotation of the Dodgers.
As both Wood and Maeda publicly expressed regret for moving into the bulpen, it was a bold decision for Dave Roberts.
According to analysis of data of 343 handicapped artists published in handbooks, 33% of them were in art and only 14% of them were in popular arts by general genre distribution.
The Syrian government did not say who was behind the missile attack, but Syrian state-run television estimated that Israel might committe an air strike.
Since more than 70 people, including VCs, TIPS operators, and technology holding companies, which are active as representative start-up investors in Korea, applied for the event, it is attracting attention.
Soyang has improved maritime maneuverability such as maneuvering speed, loading ability and long distance transportation support, compared to the existing Fast Combat Support Ship(AOE-I).
Soyang, a weight of 10,000ts, a length of 190m, a width of 25m and a maximum speed of 24knots (about 44km/ h), is able to load 1,1050ts of supplies such as fuel oil, ammunition, staple and side dish by improving its logistical support capability by 2.3 times compared to the existing Fast Combat Support Ship(AOE-I), which has a loading capacity of 4,800ts.
The propulsion system of Soyang has a 'Hybrid Propulsion System' that can selectively use an electric motor and a diesel engine, so that it is possible to perform an effective operation with less noise, less fuel, and faster maneuverability compared to the Fast Combat Support Ship(AOE-I).
The video shows the writer discovering Ji Min in a place that is supposed to be the Ikon Gallery, Birmingham's representative public gallery.
Fay Crocker won the US Women's Open at the age of 40 and 11 months in 1955, and her first win was a month later than Stanford's (40 years and 10 months).
Stanford, who finished the tournament with a total of 12-under-par, 272, before the championship, confirmed the win while signing the galleries.
It was reported that a total of 16 people, including 14 swimmers from Cheongju Elementary School, 1 coach and 1 driver, were in the bus.
In Jangsil away game against LG Twins, Son Seung-rak appeared at the end of the 8th, ahead of Lotte 4-1, 2 outs, and blocked 1.1 innings without giving away any point.
Son Seung-rak has recorded 46 saves in 2013, 32 saves in 2014, 23 saves in 2015, 20 saves in 2016, and 36 saves in 2017, starting with 33 saves in 2012, when he was in Nexen Heroes.
The company participated in the 'Uzbekistan Overseas Space Information Road Show' hosted by Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, and Transport in November, 2017 with 15 domestic companies and planted seeds of its business.
The global trend is even more intense, China with 500 cities, India with 100 cities, and Singapore establishing a national policy named smart nations, are pursuing smart urban development at a rapid pace.
He came to Pusan Port with the equipments like a African wilds explorer and planed to go to Wonsan port of the East Sea on a ship again.
Japan was pushing them through the purchase of stocks of Western capitalists who invested in the railway business, and proceeding with railway construction with its own technology.
The United Nations Command(UNC), established on July 24, 1950 in Tokyo under the UN Security Council resolution, transferred the headquarters to Yongsan in Seoul on July 1, 1957.
In developed countries, the point can be made that it is not a good idea to invest a large amount of budget in an investigation method that is not used now.
Lee Nak-yeon, Prime Minister of the Republic of Korea, caught the eye by real-time updates of the situation about the search progress of the puma which escaped from Daejeon through SNS.
The search party that chased the runaway puma again found it near the composters in the zoo about 400m away from the cage at 9:45 pm, and eventually killed it.
Hwang Hee-chan scored the winning goal in the 23rd minute of the second half of the fifth round, leading Hamburg to a 1-0 victory against SG Dynamo Dresden in the 2nd league at 2018-2019 German Professional Football Bundesliga at DDV Stadio in Dresden, Germany on 19th(KST)
The opponent defense from the left side of the penalty area kicked with a heel but the ball did not go far, amd he did not miss the ball and shot his right foot rightly.
At the summit in Pyongyang, more than 10 IT supporters will provide reporters and staffs with fast recharging services at the DDP Press Center and help to solve various IT problems.
G2HYSONIC (formerly known as RBK-EMD) is a company specialized in the development and manufacture of actuator systems for mobile devices, including smartphones, which was established in March 2001 and listed on the KOSDAQ market in 2010.
Seong Yun-mo, a candidate from the Ministry of Commerce, Industry and Energy is responding to the inquiries of the members at a hearings held in the meeting room of the Small and Medium-sized Venture Company Committee of the Industrial and Commercial Resources, National Assembly, Yeouido, Seoul. on the morning of the 19th.
On the other hand, LG will hold a signing event, opening of a ball game, and a retirement ceremony for Bong Joong-geun at Jamsil home station against KIA on the 28th.
According to the agreement, SK Gas will launch new projects such as the construction of an eco-friendly gas power plant in Ulsan and the construction of a new power industry and a polypropylene (PP) production plant.
The 'Eco-friendly Gas Combined Cycle Power Plant', which uses LNG and LPG, environmentally friendly fuels, will begin construction in 2021 with a capacity of 1GW (1000MW) and will be completed in 2024 by investing 1.2 trillion won in the area of about 142,000㎡ of land in Bugok-dong, Nam-gu.
APK APKING (APPSKING, CEO Kim Dan-nam) and Chunnam Techno University(President Jo Seong-su) announced that they have concluded an industry-academy cooperation agreement for the development of e-sports game industry, formation of healthy e-sports culture and e-sports revitalization at APK APKING headquarters on the 18th.
The ceremony was attended by CEO Kim Dan-nam of APK APKING, Nam-soo, chief of e-sports department of Chunnam Techno University (E4u broadcasting director) and Professor Lee Yu-chan of E-Sports department.
The billboard of KEB Hana Bank Dealing Room showed that the KOSPI index fell 0.52 points (-0.02%) to 2308.46 points from the previous trading day and KOSDAQ index dropped 4.94 points (-0.59%) to 826.91 points in Seoul Jung-gu this afternoon.
Medical Support Center of Ansan-Dongsan Church (Pastor Kim Sung-cum) said it delivered rice with love, fish cake, kitchen equipment, and a sketch book to the vulnerable social group of the area on the 18th prior to Chuseok.
The center also received requests for medicines and medical devices for the flooded areas from the Lao government, aiming to support them next month
Previously, the Supreme Court of India ruled on Muslim divorce customs unconstitutionally on August 22 and ordered the government to draft laws.
As 3:30 pm, the fire is spreading over a total of 4,300 ㎡ of steel frame building.
Smart Management Co., Ltd. (CEO Cho Jeong-sik) has introduced 'AhnLab Safe Transaction(ASTx)', an online transaction protection solution, on FXRENT site since last 10th.
On the other hand, CEO Cho Jung-sik has recently taken office as the national chairman of Ant-corruption Civil Movement General Federation of Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission and signed a business agreement as a newly appointed president with Pocheon City for a transparent public society without corruption on August 8th.
Choi Ji-man (Tampa Bay Race) scored a victory by hitting the first two-digit home run after his debut, against his eldest brother Choo Shin-soo (the Texas Rangers) in a major league match.
Ryu Hyun-jin threw a 93-mile (about 150km) fastball from the beginning of the game, but also threw the cutter, changeup, slider, and curve appropriately.
Choi Ji-man, starting as a 3rd designated hitter in a game against Texas, led the team 3-0 victory with two RBIs.
In the 1st inning with 1 out, Lee Dae-ho got a timely hit in the 1st and 2nd against Lim Choon-gyu, LG starting player, and won the preliminary RBI, in the Jamsil away game against the LG Twins on 19th.
The puma was found at about 6:34 pm, about 1 hour and 40 minutes after the escape, at the wobbly footbridges near the drainage area in Oworld, and approximately 15 minutes later, an oworld official shot it with a tranquilizer gun.    
A woman in Sydney found a needle sticking in the apple while cutting it to give her daughter, and reported to the police. In Queensland, a woman in her 60s who wanted to eat a banana also found a needle and reported it to the police.
In fact, most of the players in Tottenham, in addition to Kane, such as Jan Vertonghen, Kieran Trippier and Christian Eriksen, are starting every game.
Eric Lamela, who plays a defensive role, was more likely to be used for team balance because of the dependency on Kane's scoring ability. 
The only solution is to overcome the deficiency with the tactical capabilities of Pochettino and the young players who have been brought up in the 1st division from the reserve team, but this is not easy either.
The winner of the competition will be determined depending on which player will be able to secure more space.
Compared to the same number of matches last year, the total number of spectators decreased by about 4%, and the average spectator per game was reduced from 11,418 to 10,155.
Comparing with the statistics that the number of spectators dropped by 22% immediately after Incheon Asian Games 4 years ago, Chung expects the number of spectators to recover soon.
Jung's statement that the suspension of the game during the Asian Games made an impact, is not  enough to explain all of the decrease in audience.
Suwon City has prepared emergency transportation measures such as putting chartered buses, temporary lifting no-driving system for taxi, and putting the extra national train and subway train, in preparation for the strike of two bus companies.
Using similar graphics to real pupils for natural-looking eyes, the sky blue and gray colors are expressed transparently in the eyes, creating mysterious eyes.
In reality, Doosan Bears sharing the hometown at that time, nominated Lee Yong-Chan, who has become one of KBO's best native selection, and Im Tae-hoon, Rookie of 2007.
Song Gwi-geun, a governor of Goheung-gun, visited each member of the National Assembly on 20th and requested that major projects that would be the foundation of regional development be reflected in the government budget next year, and the reduced regional budget be reflected in the parliamentary review process.
Song's visit to the National Assembly and the government departments was made under the judgment that it is necessary to take aggressive action to promote the 7th elected officials'  focal project smoothly and to get the stable financial base.
The election committee of Jeollanam-do announced on 20th that it will pay a total of 1,200,000 won to three people including A who reported the preliminary candidates who provided the meal to the constituents in the 6-13 provincial elections.
The h-DTP method developed by Estesham Co., Ltd. maintains the high viscoelasticity of the HA filler with a smaller amount of crosslinking agent, which helps to prolong the duration.
 As some of cafe-type galleries that used the building with the passage of time are opened, it has become a place as 'hipster' neighborhood for young people these days.
The "marketing specialists" run by EXCO for women in the trade and marketing sectors and women who have lost their careers are also helping start-ups.
The profit facility such as cosmetic and beauty-related sales and experience facilities aimed at Chinese tourists using Cheongju airport, beauty and medical specialized centers such as hospitals, tourist accommodation facilities such as hotels, and commercial facilities will be created by attracting private capital.
Cheongju City Hall Handicapped Shooting Team: Park Jin-ho, 2014 Asian Para Games triple medalist, Pak Chol, Cheongju 2018 IPC World Shootin Para Sport Championships double gold medalist, and Kim Yeon-mi, representative of national air pistol shooting team will participate in  this competition.
The competition will be held in Jakarta and Palembang from October 6 to October 13, with 43 countries participating in 18 events to compete intensively.
The two cities will hold an annual interchange exhibition in order to have an opportunity to understand the culture and art between the two countries through art exchange between Korea and Egypt, the Asian and African historical centers.
The Middle East art market, which is still small but expected to grow in many ways, will grow into a blue ocean in the global art market.
Cheongju City in Chungcheong Province celebrated the "No Car World Day" (September 22), and launched for a car-free campaign at Seongan-gil on 21th to create a social consensus on low-carbon life and create an atmosphere of action.
Car-Free-day started in 1997 in La Roche, France, with the campaign named 'In Town Without My Car' and it spread to the worldwide participation campaign on the anniversary of September 22, 2001.
To commemorate the day, the city with the participation of Green Leaders, the Green Cheongju Council, launched a campaign to send low-carbon holiday festivals, called 'Let' s spend a meaningful Chuseok holiday while reducing greenhouse gas emissions', along with the campaign to go to work without passenger cars, use public transportation, and drive green.
The city asked citizens to join in 'Having a low-carbon holiday' which can reduce greenhouse gas emissions by small actions such as unplugging and returning to hometown for Chuseok holiday, using public transportation to home, eating holiday food moderately and reducing the usage of disposable items.
In addition, 'Look into Tamla people's life with archeology' is going on as a youth weekend program, and 'Finding the trail of Tamla nation with experts' is operated as a program for adults.
He got the nickname 'KOR DANCE STATE (KOREA + Golden State Warriors)' in a blend of explosive 3-point shots with a pass-based team play which utilized organic movements and fast-paced score.
South Korea solved the height problem to a certain extent by putting the names of tall forwards, Ahn Young-joon, Choi Jin-soo, and Jung Hyo-keun  for the national team entry.
Forward Choi Jun-yong, who had been suffering from toe pain during his team training on 18th, was rehabilitated for about 4 months after receiving a fracture operation.
Ulsan city announced on 21st that 'Industrial Playground for Ulsan' by Chung Sung-hoon, a student of the Department of Construction Engineering of Pusan National University in General Dept. and 'Bamboo Leaf Crossing Sidewalk' by Jang Young, a student of Gyeonggi High School of Automotive Scienceand Technology Foundation in Student Dept. were selected as the winner of '2018 Urban Design Competition'.
Ulsan City judged 127 entries in the conference room on the 3rd floor of the Ulsan City Hall on 18th-19th, for the past two days, and selected 29 works from the general public and 16 works from the students.
The competition, which was held for the eighth time this year, was divided into general and student groups under the theme "Designing Ulsan using a City Symbol".
They are 12 countries including the U.S, Canada in Americas and Australia, New Zealand in Oceania and 8 countries including the Philippines, Vietnam, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macao, Singapore, Malaysia and Brunei in Asia and German-speaking countries.
The Army 12th Division visiting the senior citizen center located in Wontong 6-ri, Buk-myeon, Inje-gun, Gangwon-do, on 21th, conducted medical services for 20 elderly people who had difficulties in mobility, such as the elderly living alone.
 For the first time in the nation, the city decided to give a performance bonus (0.5 per child) to the officials(both male and female) who applied for parental leave for one year or more, so that there will be no disadvantage caused by childcare leave.
In the future, male officials who have children under the second grade of elementary school should consult with the personnel department on whether they want to use parental leave when they are promoted.
Jeju Tourism Association announced on 20th that 18,253 Chinese tourists will visit Jeju from 1 to 7 next month during Chinese national holiday season.
The average number of tourists per day is 2,608. The number of tourists for each date is: 2,661 on 1th, 2,689 on 2th, 2,575 on 3th, 2,634 on 4th, 2,601 on 5th, 2,621 on 6th, and 2,609 on the 7th.
Hyundai signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) contained the main contents of the contract for the supply of hydrogen-powered large-size refrigerated van and general van trucks with H2Energy (H2E), a Swiss hydrogen energy company, at the International Commercial Vehicles Fair in Hanover, Germany, on 19th(local time).
Hyundai will gradually supply its vehicles from 2019 to 2023 every year, and then finally, it will supply 1,000 hydrogen-powered large-size refrigeration and general-purpose trucks to H2E.
The two companies decided to further strengthen their strategic partnership, which is working together to expand the supply of hydrogen electric trucks in Switzerland and Europe.
Hyundai has mass produced the Tucson ix hydrogen electric car for the first time in the world in 2013, and this year launched the next generation hydrogen electric car NexSo.
It provides integrated authentication system such as user authentication, account management, abnormal symptom detection and so on to securely use the inside system as well as the external system with only one login.
A national industrial complex (Osong 3 industrial complexex) will be added to the area adjacent to Osong 1 (including high-tech medical complex) ·and Osong 2 industrial complexes, and a Bus RapidTransit (BRT) construction project connecting Daejeon ~ Sejong ~ Osong ~ Cheongju International Airport is being promoted.
The industrial complex, which will occupy 3,2800 ㎡ in Jeongchung-ri, Osong-eup, in Heungduk-gu, Cheongju, is expected to be completed in uncoming December with all the civil engineering works completed.
In order for the municipality to carry out more than 30 billion won in investment projects, it should undergo an investment examination on the merits, necessity, and appropriateness of the project.
Gyeongyang-gu in Incheon established Gyeongyang Mountain Rose Garden and Gyeyang Flower Floors for annual autumn flowers exhibition in order to provide local residents and visitors with various attractions and recreating the value of Gyeongyang,
The autumn flower exhibition, which is celebrating its 10th anniversary, is the representative event of autumn in Goyang-gu. It exhibits 50,000 chrysanthemums and a flowering plants and 35 kinds of live pumpkin tunnels, so it is good to feel the smell of autumn in the city center.
This year, the city changed the vegetation mats from the roses garden to Pigogae Hill, and carried out maintenance on the drainage lines to make it more comfortable and safe to use
Hyosung Cultural Park planned to be located at 324-4 Hyosung-dong, the land where used for factory is an 8017㎡ park equipped with an indoor swimming pool and various facilities, and is currently under construction with the goal of completion of the project in 2023.
It is expected to not only contribute to the expansion of parks in Hyosung-dong area but also satisfy the needs of various sports activities of local residents.
The indoor pool, which is planned to have 2 stories above ground and 1 floor with a floor area of 4,642㎡, is a public sports facility equipped with a 6-lane swimming pool and a multipurpose room. It is expected to contribute to the expansion of living sports and serve as a local landmark.
Cheongju City, North Chungcheong Province, announced on 22th that it will accept a single house that hopes to supply city gas next year, from October 8 to October 31.
The applicant must be a resident who resides at least 5 households per 100m of gas supply line, and in a single-family residential area that is less than 50 generations, a representative among the city gas supply applicants should be selected. 
According to the 'Cheongju City Urban Gas Supply Subsidy Support Ordinance', the demand is 50% of the burden of the burdened facility and up to 1.5 million KRW per household, and the recipient (including the next higher class) under the National Basic Livelihood Security Act is fully supported.
The city has decided to provide caring services for children aged 3 months to 12 years old during Chuseok holidays through the Jecheon Healthy Families & Multicultural Family Support Center.
The city explained that it is a measure to relieve the burdens of dual-income couples who go to work even during the holidays and to solve the blind spots of the childcare.
Texas retained Jeff Bannister, who led the team for four years, and gave Bench Coach Don Wakamatsu the caretaker manager position.
In political circles, it is not uncommon to see a high-ranking figure who is morally responsible for the wrongs of the underprivileged, even if it is not his fault.
Only ten selected people can get the position of head coach, but they also can not be free from responsibility for consequences.
In June, after Kim Kyung-mun's resignation, he is evaluated as a good team manager, but the result is not good.
It is highly likely that a new person with a professional baseball coach or front-end experience will appear, as experience issues have been mentioned from the time of appointment.
Currently, there is weight on stay, but if he keeps showing his recent performance, he can not be relieved as public opinion can turn around.
It will not be easy to replace the manager, but if recent performance continues, criticism will be a great pressure on the club.
In addition, beginner director Han Yong-deok of the 3rd-placed Hanwha Eagles, 4th-placed Nexen Heroes manager Jang Jung-seok, and 5th-placed KIA Tigers Kim Ki-tae are considered to be in a stable position.
Not asking the responsibility to the club managing from the scout to the team management, is like transferring all responsibility to the weaker.
Woods, who was in the lead with Justin Rose (England) on the previous day, had 3 hits behind Rose and Laurie McGillow (Northern Ireland) who were in 2nd place and was on the lead.
If Woods is in first place by the fourth round, he will the second-ranked player in the PGA Tour's 80-game winning streak in a row after Sam Sneed (82).
The list includes from the European big leaguers such as Suarez, Cavani and defender Diego Goadin (Atletico Madrid) to New stars such as Lucas Torreira (Arsenal) and Rodrigo Benantur (Juventus),etc.
Sohn Heung-min made his debut in the sixth round of the away match against Brighton Hove Albion at Palmer Amex Stadium in England on 23th (KST).
Lamela, who was replaced by Son Heung-min, scored the winning goal in the 8th minute after entering ground and made a return for the trust of Mauricio Pocatino.
Son Heung-min 's goal silence is a disappointment as Lucas Maura, who competes for the starting striker, is on a fast track.
Otani, who played in 96 games until the 22nd, has hit .286 (294 hits, 84 hits) with 20 home runs, 55 RBIs and 9 steals, scoring 53 points, 0.369 on-base percentage and 0.571 slugging percentage.
The fire department is investigating the precise accident on the basis of A's statement that the smoke was emitted from the engine room side.
Ahn Chang-lim was defeated in a silver medal after a bloody battle against Japan's Ono Shohei with a doubtful judgment in the finals of the 73kg final in the Asian Games Men's Judo on 30th last month.
Hiroshima scored four points behind Kawasaki Frontale, who played one game less and did not win, so he will continue to compete in the fierce competition to the end. 
Hiroshima scored a fortunate goal in the 18th minute in the first half after a hassle, but after, he was struck by a hard Tokyo defense with an unsuccessful decision.
Despite the language barriers, the appointment of an Asian football rival, Korean athlete, as a captain, proves that Chang Hyun-soo has an inalienable position in Tokyo.
Considering the fact that Kim Young-kwon, who paired with a central defender, can not build up his sense of realism since he is not registered on his team's Guangzhou Evergreen players due to a foreign mercenary problem, it is a pleasure to see Chang Hyun-soo playing this role. 
It remains to be seen whether Jang Hyun-soo will take over the mistake of the last game against Chile and get Bento's choice once again based on the impressive flow of his team.
At least 25 people were killed and more than 60 injured in a shooting incident during the Iranian military parade in southwest Ahwaz, according to foreign media such as Associated Press reports.
According to foreign news reports, 4 gunmen wearing Iranian military uniforms were reported to have been indiscriminately shotgun.
Because of this, the appearance of gunmen shooting guns, women and children running away in a mortal fright was broadcast as it is.
It is the interest that after watching games from Jeonbuk directly, Paul Buntu will give a chance to Kim Chun-wook, who is continuing to follow the trend with his stable activity recently. 
It is because Ji Dong-won was injured on the left knee during a jumping ceremony just after he scored his 1st goal in the 3rd round of German Professional Football Bundesliga against Mainz on the 15th.
As long as not putting Soh Heung-min and Hwang Hee-chan, who are side resources, into the forefront, in the situation that Hwang Ui-jo's substitute card is necessary, it is enough to be able to touch Kim Shin-wook card once.
Woods won the PGA Tour's FedEx Cup Play-Off final tournament championship(total prize money of 8.75 million dollars) on the final four rounds with 2birdies, 3bogeys, a total of 11 under par 269 at East Lake Golf Club (par 70, 7385 yards), Georgia, USA. on 24th(KST)
Woods, who had a three-shot lead in the third round of the previous day, lost one shot in the final round but did not hinder his win.
Woods, who competed in the tour championship for only the 30th place in the FedEx Cup after 5 years, finished the season with a brilliant finish.
Woods has never been in the top for 5 years and a month since winning the World Golf Championship (WGC) Bridgestone Invitational in August 2013.
On that day, Kang Tae-jae, chairman of the Chungbuk NGO Center, and Song Ki-sung, chairman of Chungbuk Association of Persons with Physical Disabilities, were appointed as advisor; Yoon Tae-rim, professor of Physical therapy at Cheongju University, Lim Eun-sung member of Cheongju city council, Yoo Seong-jong, chief Chungbuk Association of Persons with Physical Disabilities, and Lee Soon-hee, director of Cheongjusi Disabled Welfare Center were appointed as council members.
There were no casualties, but one vehicle was burned down due to the fire, and then the fire spread to the tourist bus parked next the the car, part of the bus was destroyed in the fire.
Before the game, The Dodgers, the leader of the National League West, ahead of the Colorado Rockies by 1.5 games, were in a favorable position in the district championship race.
Some warn that the economy could fall into what they call a "combined recession," meaning a prolonged slump in the real economy, including consumption and production, real estate and stocks.
The government held a "public and private joint export strategy meeting" last month, and will announce measures to promote exports by composing a task force (TF) involving the Ministry of Economy and Finance and the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy this month.
If the financial support gets better with the massive fiscal injection declared by the government, it will help revive exports to some extent.
Ssangyong Motor's domestic sales rose 14.5% year-on-year to 8,877 units, the largest sales of January in 16 years since January 2003 (3,027 units).
Cucuta is one of the places where the international community gathers rescue goods, and Tienditas Bridge is the gateway through which the goods are transported to Venezuela.
The Jeju provincial government announced on the 7th that it will invest a total of 242.4 billion won (20.7% of the provincial education office's budget) in projects to help enhance the competitiveness of Jeju public education, including free school meals for high schools in Jeju, which will be fully implemented this year.
In addition, the government will set aside 11.9 billion won in budget for direct school support to improve the school's educational environment, foster high schools in Eup/Myeon, support programs relevant to the 4th industrial revolution, and carry out projects to improve school facilities and improve the environment.
The measurement points are 8 branches, including 2 streams, 4 surface layer soils and 1 river soil around the Atomic Energy institute, and 1 surface layer soil on the comparison point, a total of 31 cases conducted on a quarterly basis.
Thornton won 29 out of 64 votes in a vote by a group of reporters to pick the MVP in the 5th round, beating Kim Han-byul (24 votes) of Samsung Life Insurance.
The Gwangju plant of Maeil Dairy and Haitai earned more than 70 points from more than 2 indicators based on 4 key indicators: proper wages, proper working hours, responsible management of labor and management, and improved relations with the subcontracts.
In the future, the city will select additional model companies and give them various incentives to expand jobs in Gwangju-style.
The execution agency will be in charge of corporate contests for Gwangju-style jobs, corporate exploration through assessment of certification indicators, and consulting on certification standards for prospective participating companies to nurture Gwangju-style job companies.
The city plans to select a business execution agency after a review by the evaluation committee in March. Other details can be found on the Gwangju website.
The National Juman Rights Commission of Korea said it recommended the KCC chairman to revise related laws when appointing members of the Korea Communications Commission andthe Korea Communications Standards Commission and the directors of public broadcasting company so that a specific gender does not exceed 60%.
In other words, men were mainly in the position of making decisions, such as presidents, lawmakers and doctors, but women were often in the position of supporting roles that followed men's instructions.
In addition, it recommended to the chairman of the KCSC the establishment of an advisory body to monitor broadcasting practices that reproduce prejudices based on the notion that one-sided sex is inferior or superior, and to suggest a direction for improvement.
Choi Ho-sung held a press conference at the PGA Tour AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am in Pebble Beach Golf Links, California, on the 6th (Korea time).
Choi Ho-sung mentioned that he was born in a house mot a hospital due to lack of money, and that he had an accident in which some of his right finger were amputated while he was in high school.
Choi Ho-sung will play alongside the famous actor Chris O'Donnell, National Football League (NFL) star Aaron Rodgers (Green Bay Packers) and veteran Jerry Kelly, who has won 3 PGA Tour titles.
Haynes could have become the first foreign player to wear the Korean national flag before Hyundai Mobis' Ricardo Ratliffe (라건아).
His 10,000 points are considered valuable, given that foreign players are kicked out and returned more often than their Korean counterparts.
Through this, the company plans to provide customized support step by step to help online export "starting companies" grow into "star companies" with world-class shopping malls.
In order to expand exports of consumer goods and household goods, such as cosmetics, which are rapidly increasing due to the influence of the Korean wave, the Ministry of SMEs and Startups also decided to strengthen support for Korean wave marketing, and to help small and medium-sized companies advance into areas where economic growth is high, such as the New Southern and Northern countries.
Orion, which recorded 21 wins and 21 losses overall in the season, tied for 5th with KCC in Jeonju, raising hopes for a leap into high rank.
In "The Wolf and the Seven Baby Goats," children also look inside the folds of their flapbooks to find out where the baby goats are hidden in their homes to avoid wolves.
The subjects are on gratitute to God who made the world, God who gave good people, God who always protects, and God who loves me.
At airports such as Fukuoka, where Koreans frequently visit, the amount of fines is increased and crackdowns on Koreans are being intensified.
As hidden faces of sports such as record supremacy and sexual assault are revealed, calls are growing for changing the paradigm of elite sports.
The coachs' dictatorship, abusive languages and insults, dubious use of prize money and donations, revealed by Team Kim after the Olympics remain to be tackled.
ISIS members and their families are rushing to surrender to the U.S. military in the eastern Syrian town of Baghuz near the Iraqi border, the New York Times reported on the 6th (local time).
Some members of the organization are still resisting the U.S. military, but they are so cornered that they have to pull out and boil weeds from the streets to eat it.
Against this backdrop, the U.S. Department of Defence will submit a report that says ISIS could soon be rebuilt if U.S. troops leave Syria.
The report says that thousands of IS members hiding across Iraq and Syria could regain their occupation within 6 to 12 months after the withdrawal of U.S. troops.
National Assembly Speaker Juan Guaido, who claimed to be interim president, had called on the international community to deliver the aid via Cucuta, the Brazilian and Venezuelan borders and Caribbean island.
A slum in Caracas has not been supplied with water for 4 full months, and residents rely on the church's free lunch, CBS said.
Refusing to provide medicine, he appeared on national broadcast in a white experimental suit, praising Venezuela's medical system, according to the AP.
Remembrance continues for Yoon Han-deok, the late head of the Central Emergency Medical Center at the National Medical Center, who died of overwork while trying to take care of emergency situations during the Seollal holiday.
As if to reflect this sentiment, SNS and online communities posted photos of a bouquet of flowers and coffee left by a citizen in front of Yoon's office, drawing attention.
Yoon was known to have expressed his intention to resign as the center's chief late last year because of his heavy work, which made people feel even more sad.
Citing an emergency medical professor at an advanced general hospital, the medical science specialized media Medical Times reported on the 7th that Yoon wanted to move from his post, but that he had maintained it for several months because he could not find a successor.
Against the poor performance of 1 win and 4 losses in the previous 5 matches, a thrilling victory was made. Furthermore, the opponent was the rival Woori Card, who had been doing well with 5 consecutive wins.
Yoogane Chicken Galbi (hereinafter Yoogane), run by By All Food Global Co., Ltd. (CEO Kwon Ji-hoon), is set to break through 160 stores as it opened its Woojeong Innovation branch in Ulsan and Triple Street branch in Songdo in January, and is planning to open its Guyeong-ri branch and Seonbu branch in Ulsan in February.
Jeju Island and Jeju Techno Park's Bio Convergence Center said on the 8th that it is stepping up its multiple promotional activities to inform consumers of the Jeju Cosmetics certification system.
Jeju Island and Jeju Techno Park organized experience zone events for Jeju Cosmetics certified products at the flea market held in Myeongdong Cathedral and Jungnang-gu in Seoul on last month 19th and 23th.
About 2,000 consumers gathered at the event to experience Jeju certified cosmetics and participate in the event, showing keen interest in the Jeju Cosmetics certification system.
Just before joining the last Asian Cup, Son Heung-min showed off his amazing goal sense by scoring 7 goals in 8 matches with his team Tottenham.
Calling Maduro a "former president," Envoy Abrams urged other countries to also deal with the interim president Guaido, not Maduro.
Three Legend players, Steven Gerrard, Frank Lampard and Thierry Henry, who led European football in the 2000s, made their debut as coaches side by side in various leagues this season, but received a wide variety of report cards in their hands.
If you take a selfie, the ToF sensor calculates the distance from the subject and clearly distinguishes between the person and the background, making a more natural Out Focus effect.
A resident is shaking off the snow piled up on a duct at a dried pollack farm in Heulli, Jinburyeong, Goseong-gun, Gangwon-do Province, on the 7th, when about 10cm of snow fell in the mountains of Yeongdong.
Former coach Shin began his coaching career as a volleyball coach of Korea Electric Power Corp., and served as the first coach of Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance Co. from 1995 to 2015.
Some point out that it is not appropriate for Park Sung Hyun, who represents Korea, to wear the logo of a company that runs a casino in foreign countries on her hat.
In case the company fails to implement the order to take measures, it is currently working on a comprehensive disposal plan, including a claim for the right to indemnity and its execution.
Choi Ho-sung's interview with local media shows that he definitely has his identity on the swing.
If he doesn't take the downswing with power and the finish movement with his left foot twirling after the impact, he will have a lot of pressure on his middle-aged left knee and others.
According to the baseball statistics website Statcast, Otani's average batting speed reached 92.6 miles (149km) last season, ranking 11th among all MLB hitters.
The entire budget for the project is 24.33 billion won, and it is seeking to design the project this year by securing a total of 1.4 billion won, including 500 million won in state funds and 45 million won in province funds as expenses for basics/implementation/design.
While a special cold wave warning was issued in most parts of the country on the 10th, lily magnolia starts blooming on the trail of author Lee Jung Seop's street in Seogwi-dong, Seogwipo, Jeju Island, giving spring's vibe.
While a special cold wave warning was issued in most parts of the country on the 10th, tourists are having a good time walking a road full of red apricot flowers in the park near author Lee Jung Seop's street in Seogwi-dong, Seogwipo, Jeju Island.
This year's Battleground E-sports Competition in South Korea will be divided into the 2019 HOT6 PUBG Korea League (PKL), the 1st part, and the 2019 Intel PUBG Korea Contentors (PKC), the 2nd part.
Kim Yuna (29 years old, retired), who won the gold medal at the 2009 Vancouver Games in Canada, is the only female Korean figure skater to win a medal at this competition.
Holding the Taegeukgi and the American flag, they held a performance in which they beat the bound statues of Sohn Suk-hee and Ahn Min-seok, while bearing banners and pickets with slogans condemning the Moon administration.
After overcoming a slump early in the season and steadily rising to No. 3 with Ha Seung-jin's return and Brown's rapid progress, KCC is showing up-and-down performance of winning 4 consecutive games after losing 3 consecutive games, then losing 5 consecutive games again.
The entire team is exhausted, but the most painful thing is that Lee Jung-hyun, who played a huge role in the 3rd and 4th rounds, is not being given time to rest.
The reason why the level of game music has risen to the point where an orchestra plays is because game companies invest a lot in music because they see it as an important factor that increases the level of immersion in games.
It's because unlike alcohol and drugs, which contain addictive substances in the ingredients themselves, there is controversy over the fact that games have elements of addiction.
The world had already decided even on our lifestyle through a huge system, and we didn't even know it was hurting, cruel and painful while we were blaming ourselves.
The consumer price is 3,000 won per unit and 18,000 won per set each, and it can be purchased at all branches of the Monami Store, Monami Mall and stationery stores nationwide.
Amid the recent nationwide outbreak of measles, in Daejeon, a man in his 20s who has been to Europe has also been confirmed to have measles.
It has been confirmed that the confirmed patient visited some European countries last month, including France, where there is an epidemic of measles, with only the 1st batch of measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccinations.
The 50 contacts were reportedly patients and medical staff who were in the hospital when the confirmed patient visited the hospital on the 7th.
As measles is preventable with vaccination, it must be vaccinated with an MMR jab twice - once when 12-15 months old and once when 4-6 years old.
Most of the recent cases of measles are adults in their 20s and 30s who have traveled overseas, and this is reportedly due to a relatively lack of defensive antibodies as people who were born between 1983 and 1996 often get vaccinated only once.
In Europe, where there is currently a epidemic of measles, the MMR secondary inoculation rate is lower than 85% due to the anti-vaccination campaigns, causing measles in most countries.
About 150 people, including Kim Sung-ki, head of Gapyeong County, Kim Kyung-ho, member of the provincial council, members of the county council and local residents, attended the ceremony of completion of the Baekdun-ri Carnation House extension work.
They are not only publishing fairytales to develop and educate contents for disabled human rights education for toddlers and children, but are also producing separate teachware so that pre-schoolers and elementary school students who are familiar with multimedia education environments can experience and think about disabled human rights in various ways.
The Experience Forest, largely divided into the forest of adventure, the forest of light, the forest of motion and the forest of the future, has a module consisting of children running freely in a large forest. 
As recent children are exposed to digital devices from the moment they were born, this will make them be able to feel their physical efficacy through a medium of familiar videos.
The project has been propelled since 2012 to address parking difficulties on residential roads and secure smooth vehicle communication and stable parking spaces for residents.
Subject to the application are the households that own a detached house and a vehicle of their own or family name, and does not have parking facilities in the vicinity of the town and want to secure parking spaces through tearing down the fence or remodeling.
The Ulsan-type Tourism Exclusive Agency will be in charge of the function to promote tourism in Ulsan, including urban marketing and the exploration of companies for tourism resources.
Although GS Caltex, Korea Expressway Corporation, and IBK Industrial Bank of Korea were ranked in the order due to the difference of gains and losses in the set, the ranking does not mean much at this point.
2nd-ranked GS Caltex, which failed to advance to the playoffs after finishing as 4th place last season, is showing its side of "Left Kingdom" this season.
Lee So-young has scored 373 points going in every game this season, shedding the regret of last season's absence from many games due to injury.
GS Caltex, which put Lee So-young on the center, performed well with a strong triangular formation of foreign mercenary Ali and Kang So-hwi, who performed better than expected.
The Korea Expressway Corporation, last season's combined champion, overcame an early slump and started to compete for the lead again, taking a rise with the recent 3 consecutive wins.
Fatou, a foreign mercenary who was hired as Ivana's substitute, also showed good performance, scoring 31 points in the match against Heungkuk Life Insurance, helping the team greatly.
It achieved a fifty-fifty win in its last 10 games with 5 wins and 5 losses, but has shown signs of ups and downs, with 3 consecutive losses after and 3 consecutive wins, 2 consecutive losses after 2 consecutive wins again.
Not only is the performance of Anae (640 points), who is making her successful debut season in Korea by ranking as the overwhelming first in the league, is desperately needed, but the endeavor of the Korean duo Kim Hee-jin (351 points) and Ko Ye-rim (249 points) who has to assist Anae are desperately in need also.
Under the theme "The Gyeongju We Want," the city plans to directly listen to various opinions in the region, including suggestions and inconveniences for residents, and reflect them in the city government.
The citizens presented various opinions, including strengthening safety of the Angye Dam, providing indirect support for cold-weather and frost damage, the taxi formation project in Yugeum 2-ri to 3-ri, early injection of the budget for the road between Yangdong and Dangu, solving the problem of flooding of the Gigye creek, constructing a new myeon office, and utilizing the road at the site of the abandoned railroad.
Subject to the application are pregnant women and infants under 66 months of age with one or more of the factors of nutritional risk (anemia, low weight, lack of growth, malnutrition) and those who are residents of Dong-gu, Ilsan and whose median income is less than 80% based on health insurance premiums by size of their households.
The selected recipients can receive 6 types of customized nutritional supplements to their homes once or twice a month, and receive education and counseling on proper dietary nutrition management and methods.
The Seolmundae Women's Culture Center announced on the 11th that it plans to hold various commemorative projects for a month from the coming 20th to the next month's 23rd, including a launching ceremony of "Speaking of Jeju Women's Independence Movement," academic forum, and hands-on activities.
For anti-Japanese films, "The Last Princess (덕혜옹주)" and "Assassination (암살)" will be played respectively in the morning and afternoon, while family programs for all ages will be held also.
They can be selected within a maximum of 700,000 dollars for the possession of 2 foreign players and 500,000 dollars for the possession of 1.
Princess Ubolratana had legally given up her royal status when she married an American in 1972, but received the princess title again in 2001 when she returned to Thailand after divorce.
Location-based augmented reality (AR) based intelligent applications will be serviced in Chungcheongnam-do Province this year and the "drone video real-time broadcasting system" will be launched actively.
Above all, the gist for the AR platform, which is scheduled to be constructed this year, is to develop contents based on optimal location (land registration map) by linking technologies such as Internet of Things and artificial intelligence with big data on land and real estate.
In detail, the 'Land-RO' service, which is an augmented reality app that contains a land registration map and information on land and licensing, will be implemented, while an augmented reality app related to road name address and building register will be prepared also.
The system allows the command headquarters to check in real time the disaster sites that are tens of to hundreds of kilometers away when various situations occur, and to respond immediately.
The project to produce a time series of orthoimage will collect past filmings and aerial photographs of 15 cities and counties so that people can see the changes in Chungcheongnam-do Province at a glance, while the geography of Chungcheongnam-do Province will include history, characteristics, natural environment, culture and geography of Chungcheongnam-do Province.
Jeongeup in Jeollabuk-do Province has decided to build a #선비원# in Chilbo-myeon, where the spirit of the Silla writer, Choi Chi-won, and the Joseon Dynasty scholar Jeong Geuk-min remains, to succeed the classical scholar culture.
The name "Taesan #선비원#" was taken after "Taesansa Temple," which was built during King Seongjong's reign in Joseon (1483), in order to honor the achievements of Choi Chi-won, a Confucian scholar at the end of the Unified Silla Period, in taking care of the now Chilbo, Taein and Sannae-myeon areas in Jeongeup as the Taesan governor.
The Taesansa temple later became Museongseowon Confucian Academy  (historical monument No. 166) after receiving #사액# (in which the king gives a name and grants books, slaves, land, and etc.) in the 22nd year of King Sukjong's reign (1696).
This year's QLED 8K TV will be operated with a total of 6 models, with type 98 and type 55 models added to the existing type 65 75 82 85 models.
People indoors can feel the shaking, especially those upstairs, and the stationary car shakes a bit.
According to a recent survey conducted by Pohang City, 41.8% of citizens complained of post-traumatic stress disorder such as fears and trauma for earthquakes.
If South Korea imposes retaliatory tariffs in protest of the imposition of half-dumping tariffs on washing machines, the U.S. could also drop "tax bombs" on South Korean cars.
Vincent Zhou (U.S.), who took 1st place in the short program (100.18 points) of this competition, showed boldness in forming four 4-round jumps in free skating.
Choi had 3 birdies, 4 bogeys and 2 double bogeys, scoring a 5-over 77 in the 3rd round of the PGA Tour AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-Am (a total prize of 7.6 million dollars) in Pebble Beach Golf Links, California on the 10th (Korean time).
As a result, the PGA treated Choi Ho-sung specially such as providing a press conference for Choi and highlighting his past and present on its main website.
In response, Paju plans to announce detailed plans for each project so that underemployed youths (from 18 year olds to 39 year olds) who live in the area can participate in the project, and to carry out the project in earnest from next month after receiving and recruiting applicants.
Not only does it apply robots to appearances, but it actually applies it to all processes such as architecture, design, and service, so it itself is carried out as a project.
The #소리이음마당# creation project is a project to create a practice room and a permanent concert hall in Dongducheon, which lacks the cultural SOC, while the #산림치유원 자연누림# creation project is a project to create local forest resources, playground forests, and healing forest in connection with Dongducheon Recreational Forest in the Wangbangsan Mountain area.
Ragged wages, which used to rot below the surface, are exposing side effects on the front line following a double-digit minimum wage hike last year.
The accident killed the broadcast news host, Ricardo Boechat (age 66), and the helicopter pilot, while the cargo truck driver suffered minor injuries, local police said.
According to the Jeju Fire Department and Seogwipo Coast Guard, a Rexton SUV vehicle driven by Jung (age 53) crashed into the sea at a dock near the breakwater at Seyeon Bridge in Seogwi-dong, Seogwipo, Jeju Island, at around 0:22 a.m. on the 12th.
Starbucks Korea said on the 12th that the number of disposable straws, which were used for about 15 million a month on average, has dropped to about 7.5 million, half of the previous number, since it began to reduce the use of plastic straws from November last year.
Starbucks expects its use of disposable straws to be further reduced in the summer months, when people relatively use more straws, with the use of strawless lids.
If the silicone is hard, you feel uncomfortable when inserting, removing, or wearing it, and if it is too soft, it may not unfold fully, although it is easy to insert and is less uncomfortable.
Ulsan City Council said on the 12th that it has proposed an "ordinance to prevent and support the lone death of socially isolated one-person households" to prevent the lone death of citizens who live alone.
Under the ordinance, the Ulsan mayor should establish the necessary policies to actively protect those exposed to or feared to be exposed to the risk of lone death.
The applicants were provided with psychological counseling and treatment, regular health and emergency medical support, installation of gas and fire detectors and emergency call bells, visiting nursing services, operation of community groups to form social relations, and provision of side dishes and health drinks.
At Cafe Yoho's offline store, only customers who ordered drinks can apply for the show and select the singer they want to apply for the event.
KBS MyK Awesome Live, which will be held at Cafe Yoho, will be broadcast live on KBS' official mobile app MyK, V-Live and YouTube (KBS Entertainment, KBS Kong) on the coming 16th.
Meanwhile, Cafe Yoho, located in Hapjeong and Mangwon, is a conceptual cafe that showcases various artists' exhibitions as well as cafes, shops and performances.
In particular, this insurance is not only available for redundancy with other insurances but it also serves for accidents anywhere in the country.
Yeongdong-gun, Chungcheongbuk-do Province, made an announcement on the 12th that the overall progress rate of the "Rainbow Healing Tourism Site"(aerial view) project, ambitiously propelled to develop regional food for the next 100 years, is 50%.
It is the most important major project of Yeongdong that put in its natural resources, such as nature, healing, culture and fruits that are strengths of Yeongdong. 
The Complex Culture & Arts Center, which is set to open in the first half of this year, is busy being completed, including interior work, and preparing to run programs.
The Wellness complex, scheduled to be completed at the end of the year, is showing a 55% process rate, and the Healing Center, promoted with the expenses of the 3rd-stage balanced development project in Chungcheongbuk-do Province, is scheduled to begin construction in April.
When the project builds infrastructure of roads and parking lots, and all-weather cultural plaza, the synergistic effects are expected to be maximized by linking them with the major facilities of the tourist sites. 
The food waste disposal facility in Sangri-dong, Seo-gu, Daegu (hereinafter Sangri-dong disposal facility), which was built with a budget of tens of billions of won, is making trouble, such as still being mired in controversy over its poor design 6 years after its completion.
Operating profit was 98.4 billion yen (approximately 980.6 billion won) and net profit was 107.7 billion yen (approximately 1.735 trillion won), which increased growth by 9% and 90% respectively compared to last year.
A total of 11 people, including the operation team, the route promotion team and the infrastructure maintenance team, along with people from the transportation company and service design company will work in the city bus' route reorganization promotion situation room, with the chief of public transport department as the head.
Chuncheon City Hall, consisting of skip Kim Min-ji, Kim Hye-rin, Yang Tae-yi and Kim Soo-jin, beat Gyeongsangbukdo Sports Council and wore the taegeuk mark in the national team trials in June last year.
Doctors wearing white medical suits are shouting slogans on the 10th (local time) criticizing Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's refusal to give aid to foreign countries, holding large flags in their hands at the Tienditas Bridge on the Venezuelan-Colombian border.
Previously, the city planned to establish its own information and communication network, which used to be leased from key telecommunication businesses, in order to reduce rental fees for telecommunication lines and actively cope with new demand for telecommunication services.
The city and its affiliates will be able to handle all online administrative tasks such as telephone, Internet, civil petitions, CCTV, traffic, disasters, fire fighting and environment using their own networks.
The city plans to establish an operating management system for self-communication networks to provide uninterrupted communication services and establish an "eco-freezone" in areas close to citizens' lives where self-communication networks are installed, to provide environmental and municipal information.
First of all, the "Gangwon-do Province North and South Agricultural Exchanges Conference" consisting of experts from each field will be established around the coming 25th in order to build North and South's agricultural exchange projects and to clarify the details of projects.
According to the agreement, each agency will eliminate the cause of traffic accidents in advance and shift the traffic policy paradigm centered on vehicles and drivers to pedestrian and safety.
The provincial education office earlier built a one-story underground and three-story building consisting of a dormitory, a multipurpose auditorium and a cafeteria on a 58,577㎡ site in Shinheung-ri, Hwanggan-myeon, and designated the school as "Saeneoul Middle School" in October last year, which means "a big wave of a new sea."
Residents of an apartment building in Songhak-dong, Iksan, Jeollabuk-do Province, are protesting, feeling ridiculous by the additional acquisition tax of millions of won per household.
It is told that the members reported acquisition taxes based on the construction company's expected construction production cost after they moved into 346 out of the total 648 households, excluding general sales.
The fire left 9 employees at the scene with burns large and small, and they were taken to a nearby hospital for treatment, while 3 of them were taken to a burn specialized hospital because of blisters.
At the conference, they will share detailed opinions on how to raise 700 billion won in gross capital for the joint venture, including investor recruitment, and the schedule and method of building the finished vehicle plant.
The city and Hyundai Motor are saying that as the Gwangju-type jobs were created based on a grand compromise between labor, management and civic groups, it should have Gwangju's businessmen, local companies, citizens and labor circles participate in the project as investors.
The city explained that once Gwangju citizens and the labor community qualify as shareholders, they will be directly or indirectly involved in the operation of the finished car plant, which will produce from 2021.
Previously, the city and Hyundai Motor held a "Gwangju-Hyundai Motor Investment Agreement ceremony" at Gwangju City Hall on last month 31st with the mutual agreement on the establishment of a joint venture between Gwangju-type jobs and plants on finished vehicles.
The city and Hyundai Motor are planning to build a plant on finished vehicles in the 628,000㎡ of the #빛그린# complex that produces less than 1,000cc light-weight SUVs with an annual capacity of 100,000 units.
One character sticker can be obtained if the total amount of purchases made at 7-Eleven except cigarettes, alcohol, and service products exceeds a certain amount. Also, if you collect 4 stickers, you can purchase a mug and a micro-pop set.
It is a product that compacted variety of premium technologies with Sony's full-frame camera lineup and applied it to light APS-C-type cameras.
During the period, Coach Choi was given the title of "the Greatest Commander", having made many achievements, including 6 K-League titles and 2 Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Champions League (ACL) titles.
After the end of the last K-League season, Coach Choi drew attention for signing a 3-year mega deal worth 9 billion won a year with the Super League's Tianjin Quanjian.
When a girl died after taking a dietary supplement sold by Quanjian, the mother company of Tianjin, the tables were turned.
He was almost lost, before Dalian, who had been eyeing him since he was in the Jeollabuk-do team, revived him by offering him a contract that matched the terms offered by Tianjin.
If the two players who not only have good skills but also played together in Naples join the team, Dalian, directed by Coach Choi, can expect to reach high rank easily.
Shinhan Financial Group regained its No. 1 position, which it had given to KB Financial Group last year, by earning a record profit of more than 3 trillion won last year.
If Shinhan Financial's results reflect the performance of Orange Life (formerly ING Life), competition between the two financial leaders is expected to intensify.
Woori Bank succeeded in re-entry into the "2 trillion won club," but Hana Financial Group also achieved its best yearly performance since the establishment of the holding company in December 2005.
Fans said they were moved by U-Know Yunho's continuous efforts to become an international star and by his sincere attitude toward his fans with great personality even after his success.
In response, the government is collecting livestock excrement in the Seohwa Creek basin, where the most pollution is the most severe, and providing "compost coupons" instead to help reduce the annual occurrence of algal bloom in Daecheongho Lake.
In addition, informants of public interests shared the fact that the Namyangju Livestock Cooperative paid 30 million won to the labor union every year on the condition that it will not receive instructions from higher-level organizations such as the Korean Livestock Cooperative Worker's Union and that it will not participate in rallies.
First of all, the 1-story underground and 5-story urban industrial support platform, which will be installed at the site of the public parking lot in Jung-dong, Dong-gu, is aimed to be launched in June and completed in next year December.
The project to connect the new and old underground shopping malls in Jungang-ro, which is currently seperated due to the Mokcheok-kyo Bridge in Daejeoncheon Creek, will start in the coming June and is expected to be completed by June next year.
Hong Sung Heun is a player that dominated an era, starting his career with the Doosan Bears in 1999, then playing for Lotte Giants for awhile and playing for Doosan until the 2016 season.
Since his retirement, he has been serving as a battery and batting coach for the Rookie team of the minor league under the San Diego Padres.
In addition, a number of retired players, including the KIA Tigers' Jung Sung-hoon, are joining the coaching staff immediately without getting a chance for training.
The city proposed active and continuous cooperation in the relocation of university student addresses, opening Gyeongju studies in liberal arts courses, considering the area first for club volunteering such as farming activities, opening up university facilities and reducing library fees.
The Korean Health and Medical Workers' Union inquired through the public questionnaire announced on the 13th on whether they are intending to fully reexaminate and fix the Greenland International Medical Center project plan approved in the Park Geun-hye's administration, and on whether they are willing to make the Greenland International Medical Center project plan open to the public before March 4 when its opening will be decided.   
Finally, they demanded an answer as to whether they are willing to engage in policy consultations to turn the Greenland International Medical Center into a public hospital in order to come up with a solution to the overall impasse over approval of the project plan and permission to open the Greenland International Medical Center.
Lee Jae-kwan, the administrative deputy mayor who previously assumed the post on March 6, 2017 and has been following the Daejeon municipal government for about 2 years, will move to assume the director of the Government Buildings Management Service.
They are planning to resolve the anxiety of parents on the 300 middle school students' long commute to school due to the failed consultation between Suncheon and the constructor on the 10 billion won worth of sewage treatment facilities for the relocation and construction of Samsan Middle School.
Suncheon City government sent an official letter urging the construction to begin normally under an agreement with the construction company made in last January, but the construction has yet to begin.
The Seogwipo Agricultural Technology Center of Jeju Agricultural Technology Institute said on the 13th that it will carry out a pilot project for the early production of kiwi male flower pollen for the first time this year in order to enhance kiwi competitiveness.
The kiwi fruit has to be secured in a stable manner in order to produce fruit because of its difficulty in natural fertilization due to the different blooming timing of the male flowers and female flowers.
Although the level of vitality (the factor that determines the fruit setting condition and quality of fruit) and germination uniformity is lower than that of Australia, farmers depend highly on China to purchase male flower pollen as China has an advantage in terms of price.
In response, the city applied for a change of implementation plan in February 2017, and the Ministry of Environment demanded the formation of a consultative body with environmental experts and residents as a condition for consultation on environmental conservation measures.
In response, the city formed a consultative body last year March with the "Civic Committee on measures to annul the development project of the river friendly zone in the Gapcheon, Doan," which consists of 28 groups including the Residents Emergency Measure Commitee.
Hanjin Heavy Industries & Construction made a public announcement on the 13th that capital erosion occurred in its consolidated financial statements in 2018 as it reflected losses from the corporate rehabilitation process of its subsidiary, the Philippines Subic Shipyard.
The city will provide 272 million won for the operation of facilities management for the Veterans Association and pay 100,000 won a month in honor allowances for war veterans and 300,000 won for death condolences in order to stabilize their lives and promote welfare.
The special performance and exhibition program marking the 70th anniversary of the city's promotion has secured state funds to produce "#강치전#," a family Korean musical based on local stories, and "SUN&MOON," a original dance.
Kiwoom Heroes' Park Dong-won and Cho Sang-woo, who were embroiled in a sex scandal, received weak punishment, while the fact that 4 LG Twins players entered a casino have been confirmed.
It is important to remember that last year, an interview in which one player said players just need to be good at baseball has angered fans.
Incheon United stepped up their offense by recruiting Nguyen Cong Phuong, who is a key player in the Vietnamese national football team led by head coach Park Hang-seo.
Cong Phuong has a short stature of 168cm, but he is an attacking resource who can adjust to both sides and front lines with his quick feet and individual skills.
Under Park's leadership, Cong Phuong proved his skills on the international stage, including the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) U-23 Championship and the ASEAN Football Federation (AFF) Suzuki Cup.
The first paragraph of Article 17 "examplary actions" of the baseball player's contract also states, "I pledge never to engage directly or indirectly in connection with all gambling and match fixing."
The Korea Baseball Organization (KBO) completed the selection of coaching staff for the South Korean national baseball team on the 12th, announcing a new start under its full-time coach Kim Kyung-moon.
Coach Jung Min-chul, Jin Gap-yong and Kim Jae-hyun served as national team coaches during the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games, under the former coach Sun Dong-yeol.
Lee Jae-yong, vice chairman of Samsung Electronics, has been engaged in brisk overseas business activities since the beginning of the year, meeting with key Middle Eastern officials in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to discuss ways to cooperate in business.
The meeting was made public when Crown Prince Mohammad, who attended the "World Government Summit 2019" that opened in Dubai on the 10th, posted a photo on his Twitter account.
This year, former U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, International Monetary Fund (IMF) President Christine Lagarde and Angel Gurria, secretary general of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), attended the event.
Vice chairman Lee, who has been taking up a series of official overseas schedules this year, reportedly left for China on the 4th, during the Lunar New Year holiday, to check pending local business issues, and later moved to Europe before heading back to Dubai.
Deonte Burton (Oklahoma City Thunder, center on the photo), who led the Korea Basketball League (KBL)'s Wonju DB to the regular season title last season, has garnered the most points since his debut in the U.S National Basketball Association (NBA).
Burton, who was considered the best foreign player in the KBL last season with an average 23.5 points and 8.6 rebounds and 3.6 assists, refused DB's courtship this season and knocked on the doors of the NBA.
By that Westbrook succeeded triple-doubles in 10 straight games, a new record that surpassed 9 straight games set by NBA legend Wilt Chamberlain in 1968.
From now on, there will be crackdown on 5th rating vehicles under the Ministry of Environment's notice that rates them according to the fuel used, vehicle models and model used that apply the vehicle's emission standards.
The Jeju provincial government said on the 12th that the Millennials and baby boomer generation have emerged as the main customers of the local tourism market due to low birth rates and aging population, adding that it will invite the generation by strengthening online marketing, boosting shipping and tourism, and finding Jeju-specific content.
Millennials (10.98 million people), who account for 21.2% of the population, tend to communicate and exchange information using smartphones and SNS.
For the generation of baby boomers (1946-1964), who account for 13.7% of the population (7 million people), it will launch a "healing" marketing where people can enter unknown villages, experience flowers, gardens, and oreums with the villagers and rest.
GS Caltex, which came in third with 43 points, may fall to fourth place depending on the results of the match between Hyundai Engineering & Construction and IBK Industrial Bank of Korea (with 43 points).
In addition to the 6 models subject to administrative action, Sealy Korea has decided to collect the first model (Allegro), which did not exceed safety standards, and the second model (Kanna and Morendo), which the matter on whether or not the grey memory form was used was unclear.
The women curling team "Team Kim" grabbed the silver medal in its first competition back home after revealing the unfair treatment it received from Kim Kyung-doo, former vice president of the Korea Curling Federation, and other members of the leader's family, showing its potential as ever. 
Josh Akognon, the short-statured foreign player who came in as a substitute on last month's 31th, has given the team wings by his superb ability to shoot outside shots.
KT, which came up from last place last season to fourth this season, has been hampered by the injury of the short-statured foreign player Justin Dentmon.
The vicious circle of students flocking to Seoul is intensifying every year as baseball infrastructure is well established and the nomination of pro baseball players is also relatively more dominant in Seoul.
What's important is that the reason behind maintaining the primary nomination system lies in the ulterior motives of the Seoul-based clubs, which aim to monopolize outstanding players from Seoul.
An 8-year-old girl suffered a similar accident on South Stradbroke Island on the last 24th, according to a report by UK's daily Daily Mail on the 13th.
Local currency is a currency that is only used within the region, and has recently drawn attention as a policy tool to support small business owners, self-employed people and revitalize the local economy.
It has the advantage of creating a virtuous cycle in the local economy by inducing consumption for small merchants and traditional markets instead of large stores, along with increased consumption within the region.
About 5,700 young people will be given 1 million won a year for youth dividends and about 3,500 people will be given 500,000 won per month for postnatal care costs, which amonts to 7.4 billion won a year, and 1.2 billion won will be printed for ordinary citizens.
Through the study, the Incheon Institute conducted a survey to 1,000 artists in Incheon on 6 areas consisting of their art activities, the arts environment, art labor, life and welfare, art policies and satisfaction, and average earnings and proposed to implement a welfare policy for artists that reflects them.
First of all, 54.4% of the artists in Incheon were full-time artists, but their emplyment patterns appeared to be unstable, as most of them were freelancers (71.0%) and non-regular workers (16.4%).
49.1% of the respondents said they do not sign contracts in art labors, while only 15.8% said they report to related agencies in case of unfair treatment.
It suggested that Incheon should be made into a city where artists reside and can continue to create, a city where artists have many opportunities to work and interact, and a city where artists can be guaranteed of social status and grow capacity.
It can effectively remove snow, ice and debris by spraying high-temperature exhaust gas that is over 400 degrees Celsius onto the surface of the runway.
SpringCloud provides the self-driving platform and Zein Motors, a subsidiary of DIC, produces and promotes the self-driving mobility that is suitable for that platform from existing electric vehicle production facilities.
DIC is Korea's top transmission parts maker and is set to launch the first 1 ton electric cargo truck in Korea through its subsidiary, Zein Motors.
Zein Motors and GS Global are expected to take full advantage of the business capabilities and networks held by the two companies to lead a significant change in the domestic and overseas electric vehicle markets.
With the agreement with the Research Institute of Chemical Technology, Pharos IBT is planning to expand and pursue the joint new drug development projects with domestic and foreign industies, universities, institutes and pharmaceutical companies through an open innovation strategy, going beyond the business model that simply provides a new drug development platform technology called "#케미버스#."
Major new projects include the creation of a waves walkway from Samsa Marine Park to #해파랑# Park, the #새뜰마을# project, the #축산블루시티# creation project, the Yeju History and Culture Park creation project, the Green Road construction on Osipcheon Stream, the Yeongduk Library construction project, the construction of an animation theme park in Yeongdeok County, the renovation of Yeongdeok Marine Education, the installation of a rainwater reservoir in the Hwajeon district in Ganggu-myeon, and the project to tend the beautiful creeks.
More than 1,200 people including officials of water and sewage department, domestic environmental companies and academia attended the Water Technology Workshop to raise awareness of sustainable use, management and conservation of water resources, prevent water shortages, water pollution and remind themselves of the importance of water.
At the end of this month, Kim Sung-ki, county governor, and Song Ki-wook, chairman of the county council, will visit the Wonju Regional Construction and Management Administration to strongly demand that they apply the plan for the second Gyeongchun national highway Gapyeong route, which will fully reflect the opinions of the county people.
The student council of Sangdang High School in Cheongju, Chungcheongbuk-do Province, held a ceremony to celebrate the March 1 Independence Movement such as reading on its campus the Korean Declaration of Independence of 1919 declaring that Joseon is an independent state and that Koreans are self-reliant citizens.
The students marched around the school and handed out promotion materials with the meaning and independence spirit of the March 1 independence movement to the citizens, thinking on the significance of the independence movement against the Colonial Japan.
The readjustment of the urban management plan is a statutory plan that combines the plans for the designation and alteration of use districts and zones in accordance with the urban basic plan, the plans for the installation, readjustment or improvement of infrastructure, and the district unit planning zones and the decision (alteration) of district unit planning.
The redevelopment and reconstruction projects, aimed at curbing the development of the outskirts and revitalizing the old city center, will provide incentives such as the building-to-land ratio, floor space index and degree of closeness through changes in management plans.
It will include the vitalization of the urban development project in I-dong, Iin-2, Jungmyeong and Yeonam and the rationalization of factory concentrated areas through the expanded designation of manufacturing regions of 4 places, including Janae-ri in Daesong and Sangjeong-ri in Donghae.
The city plans to make the decision and the public announcement in July after consulting with citizens and related agencies, listening to parliamentary opinions and receiving deliberation from the City Planning Commission.
Prices of apartments fell 7.4% and 11.1% in Pohang and Gyeongju respectively, and have continued to fall since the second half of 2016, while the number of transactions has decreased as well.
Bale, who started against the Ajax on the day, showed an all right performance by trying several threatening shots with Karim Benzema on the front line.
If Lee Jeong-eun holds the Rookie of the Year award in her arms, Korean golfers will receive the LPGA Tour Rookie of the Year award for the 5th consecutive year, starting with Kim Se-young (age 26) in 2015, followed by Jeon In-ji (age 26) in 2016, Park Sung-hyun (age 26) in 2017, and Ko Jin-young (24) last year.
Jutanugarn, who had egg on her face by finishing in 18th place at the Diamond Resort Tournament of Champions last month, which was the tour season opening game, is looking to win her first title of the season at the event.
They shocked people last year November by revealing the unfair treatment, various irregularities and abductions by the leader's family, including Kim Kyung-doo, former vice president of the Korea Curling Federation.
6.5% of the respondents said they have received obscene photos or videos from friends, dates, seniors and juniors, and 3.1% said they have sent such content.
36 people, or 0.9% of the respondents, said they have shooted illegal videos themselves, and 11 of them said they posted the videos online.
The right to be forgotten refers to a right for the various information that the user released online to not be searched or stored and distributed if the user does not want to reveal it anymore.
The meeting was attended by KAIST President Shin Sung-chul, Korean Ambassador to Kenya Choi Young-han, Sunjin Engineering Vice President Yoo Tae-won and other South Korean officials, as well as Kenyan government officials, including Kamau Thugge, Principal Secretary at the National Treasury, and Collette Suda, Chief Administrative Secretary and Principal Secretary at Ministry of Education.
The consulting fields are 6 core departments, including mechanics, eletric science and electronic engineering, and it's the design of common basic science programs, suply of educational and experimental equipment, industy-academic cooperatioin and university mangement. 
Local governments have been moving fast to win the bid since the government said it will select next 2 model cities in the first half of this year to succeed the Gwangju-type job project.
Governor Song is pushing for a Gunsan-type job model that uses the closed GM Korea Gunsan plant and Hyundai Heavy Industries' Gunsan shipyard, which is currently out of operation, saying special measures are needed to revive the impoverished Gunsan and Jeollabuk-do economies.
The mayor of Gumi, Jang Se-yong, recently met with the Cheongwadae and government officials and Hong Yong-pyo, the representative of the Democratic Party of Korea, and proposed the plan.
After the U.N. Security Council released a report that Uzbekistani, affiliated with the Al-Qaeda-affiliated militant group operating in Syria, tried to enter South Korea through Turkey, the government began to strengthen the immigration screening process.
In the final Group F match of the 2019 Mountain Dew Global Starcraft II League (GSL) Season 1 round of 32 held at the FreecUp Studio in Daechi-dong, Seoul, Lee Shin-hyung defeated Jang Hyun-woo (Protoss) 2-0 and advanced to the round of 16.
In March last year, the City Office of Education held 3 briefing sessions on residents near the site of Gyeongseo Middle School in Okpo-eup, where a special-education school for development disabilities is to be built.
In order to meet the educational needs of Dalseong-gun, which has a population near 300,000, the Office of Education has tried to relocate the Dalseong Office of Education in Nam-gu to Dalseong-gun since 2000, but failed to complete the plan due to difficulties in securing a site.
Opportunity was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Base in Florida in 2003 and landed in Mars' Meridiani Planum area on January 24, 2004.
On last year June 10, Opportunity moved to the "Perseverance Valley" to avoid a powerful sandstorm that swirled the entire Mars.
On top of that, it showed off its popularity by inserting the Battle Royal Mode into various games of all genres, including "Battlelight," "Black Desert" and "Call of Duty."
On the first day of the elementary school football tournament, where the yet-to-be-familiar 8 man rule applied, young players under the age of 12 ran with sweat all over them to do their part.
Naturally, the player gets more opportunities to handle the ball and the number of cases where the player faces the opponent one-on-one increases as well.
On top of this, there have been constant work to extend the vitality of existing contents through Visual Graphics Updates (VGU) and character remakes.
On the same day, the municipal and provincial resident committee have prepared business plans for 2019, including the opening of offices of municipal and provincial resident councils, the publication of membership lists, the creation of golf clubs, the establishment of friendly sports competitions, founding scholarship foundations, the promotion of hometown visits, support for city and county hometown alumni meeting, supporting boat race projects and the operation of low price markets in Daegu and Gyeongsangbuk-do Province.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, the Seabed Constructor of the "Ocean Infinity" company, which left South Africa on the 8th for a deep-sea search of the MV Stellar Daisy, arrived in the South Atlantic Uruguayan waters on the morning of the 14th (local times).
The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries earlier decided to conduct deep-sea search to confirm the life or death of 8 missing South Korean sailors and determine the cause of the accident, and signed a deep-sea search service contract with Ocean Infinity through the Public Procurement Service.
When the Seabed Constuctor discovers the body of the Stellar Daisy, it will locate the unidentified life raft through video cameras attached to an unmanned submersible.
The contest is open to city-affiliated agencies, investment-funded organizations, universities and non-profit institutions who can participate by finding and proposing job projects linked to industrial conditions and human resources in Goyang.
The submitted projects will be selected after the first and second evaluations by the judging committee, evaluating the responsiveness of local demand, business performance ability, business strategy and creativity and expected effects.
According to the city, the Cheongwon Teenagers' Culture House will be constructed with 1 basement and 2 stories above ground at 32,020㎡ of land near the former tobacco manufacturing office's eastern warehouse 36 in Naedeok-dong, Cheongwon-gu, at a cost of 2.5 billion won, with 2 billion won from the government expanses.
Prior to the construction, the city actively collected opinions through a survey of 450 teenagers on the color, structure and space of the building.
The city is seeking to complete the construction in the coming September, and after a naming contest in April, it plans to openly gather teenager organizations with expertise and entrust it to them within the year's end.
The Jeju Social Pact Committee held a Planning and Operation Department Committee meeting and announced on the 15th that it has formed a "Second Airport Subcommittee" to actively manage conflicts at the second airport, the biggest pending issue in the province.
The chairman of the Subcommittee is Jung Youn-min, a lawyer, and the members of the subcommittee are Ko Seung-hwan, former researcher at the Jeju Research Institute, Cho Seong-bae, head of the Co-prosperity-based institute (#공생기반연구소#) affiliated with the Korean Association for Public Society, Jwa Kwang-ol, secretary-general of the Jeju Residents' Association(#), Kim Sun-mi, vice president of the Jeju Immigration and Social Integration Committee(#), and Kim Seung-chuul, the communication and innovation policy director at the provincial government.
The subcommittee of the second airport will hold its first meeting this month, and set up detailed direction and plans for its activities to start managing the conflict in earnest.
The subjects for collection are 6 models among 356 models recently sold by Sealy Korea Company from January 2014 to November 2016. The 6 models are Majesty Deluxe, Cygnus, Pegasus, Veloce, Hospitality Europe Top and Violet.
The Suwon city government plans to prepare a dedicated civil service window to the relevant department so that it can be collected immediately when the consumers who purchased the model request it, and to collect all of the mattresses after receiving the recall data from the manufacturer.
Phil Mickelson (age 49), who won the 44th PGA title at the Pebble Beach Pro-Am tournament, finished 12 holes and tied for 42nd at one-over.
Boeun-gun, Chungcheongbuk-do Province, announced on the 15th that it will spend 2.2 billion won on 20 projects this year to make the country's best back-to-home, back-to-farming street 1.
Among them, the government will receive application twice, once in Feburary and once in July, for projects to support resettlement funds for returnees, projects to help on tax systems on purchasing farmland, and projects to support purchasing living materials.
As it was revealed that some LG Twins players, including Cha Woo-chan (32) and Oh Ji-hwan (29), visited a casino, there is a player who is getting spotlight in a different light.
Fire authorities are trying to extinguish the fire by mobilizing 2 helicopters and 18 fire engines to prevent the fire from spreading further.
Lee Jeong-eun finished the round at 3-under with 3 birdies without a bogey at the ISPS Handa Women's Australian Open held at the Grange Golf Club (par 72, 6,648 yards) in Adelaide, Australia on the 15th.
Lee Jeong-eun, who entered the LPGA Tour this season after winning 6 Korea Ladies Professional Golfer's Association (KLPGA) Tour victories, is considered a strong candidate for the Rookie of the Year award.
Ko Jin-young, who won the title at the event last year, which was her official debut, recorded 3 birdies and bogeys each to end the round with an even par.
Ahn Seung-nam, the Mayor of Guri, Gyeonggi-do, visited Pangyo Techno Valley on the 14th and started benchmarking for the successful promotion of the Guri and Namyangju Techno Valley projects. 
Mayor Ahn Seung-nam was briefed at the 2nd Pangyo Techno Valley promotion center and visited the Gyeonggi Center for Creative Economy & Innovation in the first Techo Valley in Pangyo, where he listened to the current state of the first Techno Valley in Pangyo from the Gyeonggi Business & Science Accelerator's Pangyo Cluster team.
In fact, the first Pangyo Techno Valley has created a global convergence complex centered on IT, BT, CT and NT, which currently houses 1,270 companies including Nexon, Kakao, Ahnlab and Cha Hospital, generates 79 trillion won in sales and 11,800 new employment.
The visiting team of Mayor Ahn Seung-nam, who received a briefing on the 7th floor of the Gyeonggi Center for Creative Economy & Innovation, toured the 8th, 9th and 6th floors in order and visited the the Gyeonggi Contents Korea Lab and Gyeonggi Hub for Culture Creation, which are building innovative infrastructure to support corporation, under the guidance of an employee from the Seongnam Industrial Promotion Agency.
Lee Jae-young scored 24 points, the most by both teams, in a match against GS Caltex at Jangchung Gymnasium in Seoul on the 13th, to lead the victory with a set-score 3-0.
Because sound is heard throughout the screen, not through a receiver hole, it is possible to make a call at any position on the screen.
The PGA Tour tournament "Genesis Open," sponsored by Hyundai Motor's luxury brand Genesis as the title sponsor, will be upgraded one notch to an "Invitational" competition from next year.
Genesis, along with the PGA Tour and the Tiger Woods Foundation, announced on the 14th that it signed an agreement to upgrade the Genesis Open, which will open on the 14th and run until the 17th at the Riviera Country Club, to the level of "Invitational."
Only professionals or amateurs who have been invited by the organizers based on a certain criteria, such as being in the top group on the prize money ranking list or winning competitions, can participate in the Invitational Tournament.
Genesis will offer 250 vehicles including the G70, G80, G80 Sports and G90 for the movement of the team and operation of the competition during the tournament, 11 of which will be displayed at major strongholds of the field, including the club house and Genesis lounge.
Its strategy is to attract young people in their 20s and 30s who are used to using smartphones, while making it easier for middle-aged people in their 50s to 70s to subscribe to the products.
The "I-am-different (Namdalla)" Park Sung-hyun (age 26), the star Korean female golfer, pledged to achieve 5 wins this season after being advised by Tiger Woods (age 44, American), the "golf emperor."
Hanwha Life beat King-Zone 2-0 in the first round match of the 2019 #스무살우리# Champions Korea (LCK) Spring regular season at the LCK Arena in Jongno-gu, Seoul.
Hanwha Life traded a 2-1 kill in the 11th minute in the battle in the jungle area, and eliminated Kim "Rascal" Kwang-hee (Viktor) for the 17th and 18th consecutive minutes and rolled a Snowball.
Hanwha Life lost Park "Thal" Kwon-hyuk (Urgot) in the Invade, and even gave up the life of Kwon "Sangyoon" Sang-yun in a showdown between the Bottom duo in the 5th minute, starting the game in a disadvantageous manner.
African TV plans to establish its presence in cable broadcasting this year by actively utilizing games and e-sports content, which is considered its strength.
African TV will be in charge of producing the PUBG Korea League, a South Korean Battleground e-sports competition that opened recently, and will send it on cable exclusively.
African TV plans to produce some of the corners of the "e-Sports Magazine GG," an e-sports specialized program currently airing on SBS, as a spin-off.
If the getting-on quality is the ease you feel while riding a car, the getting-off quality is about the "other's gaze," in which people around you watch you when you get off the car after it stops.
They argue that Korean cars do not lag behind foreign cars in terms of traditional purchasing standards, such as getting-on quality and driving performance, but many customers choose foreign cars due to getting-off quality.
This is the reason why generation conflict will inevitably become more fierce in the future, even though it existed throughout human history.
"啞然" refers to being too surprised, stunned or dumbfounded to speak while your mouth is opened.
"啞" is a word in "聾啞," which refers to hearing-impaired and speech-impaired people. It means that you can't take the words out of your mouth.
Goesan-gun, Chungcheongbuk-do Province, said on the 16th that it will actively create jobs to increase the number of people who are on the decline, and pursue measures to encourage marriage, childbirth and child care.
Professional soldiers and civil workers in the military will receive 200,000 won in gift certificates for single-person transfer, and the same benefits as civilians of transferred households for 2 or more people.
2 people were injured when a 1t truck jolted a car waiting for a signal from behind at an intersection in the center of Incheon.
Due to this accident, truck driver A and the Avante driver B (age 34) were injured and taken to a hospital for treatment.
A fire broke out on the 7th floor of an apartment building in Boryeong, Chungcheongnam-do Province, killing an 80-year-old woman and causing a commotion in which about 30 residents evacuated.
The fire was extinguished in about 40 minutes by firefighters who were called in after the fire burned household goods and 26㎡ of the apartment living room.
Fire officials extinguished the fire by smothering, which is using sand and vermiculite to cover the fire, in order to control the fire of magnesium, which explodes when it reacts with water.
The Coast Guard dispatched rescue teams and 2 patrol boats to the scene and found A, who had been fighting for life holding a buoy at a oyster farm 370m away from the fishing operation ground at around 7:37 a.m. the same day.
The captain of the fishing boat B (1.88t) who went on fishing operation called the Coast Guard when A did not come out of the water after the designated time.
Woori Card, which lost 4 and 5 sets even though it had the chance to make 3 points, only added 1 point and recorded 60 points (19 wins and 12 losses), recapturing 1st place, but it cannot be all that happy.
Although Na Gyeongbok (25 points), Hwang Kyungmin (18 points), and Han Sungjeong (17 points) fought fiercely, they failed to fill the void where the troubleshooter Agamez left the court due to a back injury.
Looking at the intellectually disabled who cannot fully open themselves to the world, Pastor Lim made it his mission to make them stand tall in the world.
The event, hosted by Songdo American Town, was attended by more than 300 residents, with Kim Jin-yong, director of the Incheon Free Economic Zone office, Kim Hee-cheol, head of the Incheon City Council's Industrial and Economic Committee, Ko Nam-seok, head of the Yeonsu-gu office, Kim Sung-hye, chairwoman of the Yeonsu-gu council and district representative.
Inje-gun will run a program that allows the families of soldiers as well as military personnels serving in the army to apply for the courses they want if they gather more than 7 learners.
Inje-gun provides instructor fees for the classes so that soldiers serving in the army can spend their leisure time with their preferred studies.
At the time of the body's discovery, the back door of the lodging was open, knife marks were on several parts of the body, and bloodstained traces of the foot different from A's were found, but local police determined there was no signs of an intruder.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs asked the Indonesian police one time late last month via Interpol about their intention to conduct a joint investigation, but was turned down.
Despite Yang Hyo-jin's fierce fight, Hyundai Engineering & Construction lost the 6th round of the V League against the Korea Expressway Corporation by a score of 1-3 on the 17th at Suwon Gymnasium in Gyeonggi-do Province.
City and provincial governors nationwide can now issue emergency reduction measures on high-concentration fine dust emergency in all or part of their jurisdictions depending on the average concentration of the ultrafine dust (PM2.5).
In line with the implementation of the law, the government held the first meeting of a special committee on fine dust with the prime minister as co-chair of the committee to discuss countermeasures to support the law.
Protection measures will be recommended for those who are "sensitive to fine dust exposure" such as infants and the elderly, as well as those who are "highly exposed to fine dust," such as outdoor workers and traffic facility managers.
Kang Min-ho (age 34) of the Samsung Lions, who had topped the annual salary list in the catcher category until last year, signed a total of 8 billion won in FA contracts in late 2017, including 4 years of contract period, 4 billion won as deposit and 4 billion won as annual salary.
Kang's determination with this season seems to be very strong, as he played rather disappointingly last year and also took the heavy role as captain.
The business group provides the costs of building shopping malls for selling insects, quality control and marketing for the corporation made by small-scale insect farmers.
Those qualified for application are elderly people who are registered as residents in Busan, born before December 31, 1954 (more than 65 years old), and who voluntarily returned their driver's license to the police station (license test site) with the actual effects processed after Febuary 1, 2018. The application method for transportation fees is the same as last year.
If this year's applicants exceed the number of people within the budget, beneficiaries will be selected through lottery and will be given an 100,000 won-charged prepaid transportation card only once, like last year.
As there were more applicants than expected last year, applicants who have yet to receive support for transportation will be paid first around the end of May.
The city will also continue to provide elderly's traffic safety education which visits Seniors Welfare Centers and Senior Citizens Centers and conduct "visiting/experiencing education on traffic safety for elderly citizens" using the children's traffic education centers in Cho-eup and Gupo, to reduce the number of death of the elderly in traffic accidents.
For this, 120 farmers from the jurisdiction attended the "Dealing with the Total Enforcement of PLS, Education on Using Pesicides Safely" at Guri NH hall on the 5th, and received education on the proper use of agricultural pesticides to understand the PLS system and to produce safe agricultural products. 
In Chi-gyeon (on the left), chairman of Cheonan City Council in Chungcheongnam-do Province, and Lee Myung-soo, advisor to the Myeong-dong and Daeheung Merchants Association, who represents the citizens, are participating in the Ice Bucket Challenge that calls for the creation of SK Hynix's semiconductor plant in Cheonan in front of the Cheonan City Council on the morning of the 18th.
The city, which started "Baseball Dream Park Construction Service" in late October last year, is reviewing the location of the new baseball park and its basic plan.
Currently, 5 candidate sites are under consideration: area around Daejeon Station in Dong-gu, Hanbat Sports Complex in Jung-gu, area near Gooam Station in Yuseong-gu, the Southwestern Multi-Sports Town in Yuseong-gu and Sindae-dong in Daedeok-gu.
For an objective and fair evaluation, the city will set up five parallel evaluation items, including location environment, accessibility, project feasibility, urban revitalization and economic feasibility, and select the final candidate sites.
Quantitative evaluation, which sets 3 to 4 detailed evaluation items by each evaluation item, is rated at a maximum of 200 points. After evaluation, the scores of 5 evaluation items are added together and evaluated at a maximum of 1,000 points.
Qualitative assessment will calculate the final score by weighing value between evaluation items based on a survey of 50 AHP (Analytic Hierarchy Process) experts in urban, transport, architectural and development fields.
The city will select the final candidate site based on the results of the service that runs through next month and complete the review on basic design and economic feasibility of the baseball stadium's shape and size by July.
Webzen plans to analyze participants' playing tendencies and verify the fun of key contents through CBT, while examining the game's balance and service stability in priority to boost the game's completeness.
While winter weather has continued on the 18th, the citizens are similing brightly at apricot flowers, the messenger of spring, that burst into bloom at a café in Jeonju Hanok Village in Jeonju, Jeollabuk-do Province.
Previously, 2 events, mountain events (from Jan. 19 to 20, Cheongsong Ice Climbing Stadium) and curling (from Feb. 10 to 18, Jincheon National Training Center), were held in advance.
The city will hold a ceremony to mark the March 1 Independence Movement in Daejeon-ri, Songna-myeon, by collecting and reflecting diverse opinions through a 100-member committee composed of ordinary citizens, groups and descendants of independence fighters, and hold the "March 1 Independence Pohang festival", which will be joined by 3,000 citizens from the Yukgeori area in the afternoon.
Daejeon Mayor Huh Tae-jung and the Daejeon Regional Office of Patriots and Veterans Affairs visited patriot Chung's home in Gyesan-dong, Yuseong-gu, Daejeon, on the 18th to deliver care packages and express their gratitude for his dedication to the nation.
In particular, the city and Daejeon Regional Office of Veteran Affairs and Patriots attached the nameplate of the "1st independence fighter's house in Daejeon" to the front door of Chung's home in accordance with the "Attaching Nameplates on National Patriots Project", which takes place this year.
Amid the popularity of individual broadcasting such as in YouTube and African TV, there have been cases in which the private lives of homeless people are used as broadcast content.
For example, if the number "1012 M3FDS 2" is stamped on the egg, "1012" means "spawn in October 12" and "M3FDS" is the producer's unique number.
The reason why the government introduced the spawn date notation system is because people stocked up eggs when its price fell down due to pesticides found in eggs and avian influenza (az) breaking in chicken farms and released them again when the price rose.
In addition, it will provide expanded cultural and welfare facilities for local residents, operation of education programs for children and teenagers, and care services for the elderly.
In addition, it is planning to create the semiconductor cluster as a complex smart city that manages energy reduction, environment, safety, and transportation with high-tech technologies together with jobs, housing, culture and education.
For rookies, they are likely to have a chance to perform and surprise people on the mid- and low-rank teams that need twists rather than the top-rank teams that produce stable results based on solid squads.
The V League has already entered the 6th round this season, but the sign of the female Rookie of the Year award, which will be given once in a lifetime, is not clear yet.
She has the least experience among the 3 candidates for the Rookie of the Year, participating in 20 games, but has the highest attack success rate of 39.82%.
Center Lee Ju-ah, who was nominated for Heungkuk Life Insurance as the total 1st place in the Rookie Draft in last year September, boasts solid fundamentals as expected.
James Mays (age 33,199.9cm, in the photo), a foreign player in Changwon LG, is leading the team stronger and stronger in the second half of the Professional Basketball Regular League.
LG, which had been fighting fiercely in the mid-rank battle, finished the 5th round with 24 wins and 21 losses as of 17th, ranking 3rd place, thanks to Mays' outstanding performance.
He has scored more than 20 points in all 10 games since last month's All-Star Game, and even recorded KBL's first "40-30" record with 43 points and 30 rebounds on the 6th.
He has suffered an injury in the back of his right hand since the middle of the season, but he has showed fighting spirit, taping his hand in every game.
On top of that, even Nelly won the Australian National title 7 years after her sister won the championship, lifting the trophy at the same tournament as her.
If the Wolgot Station of the Suin Line and the Pangyo Station of the Gyeonggang Line is connected, the time required from Songdo, Incheon to Gangneung, Gangwon-do Province will be reduced by more that 2 hours, connecting the southwestern part of the capital area and Gangwon area within 1 hour and 50 minutes.
Kwon Young-jin, the Daegu Mayor and member of the Liberty Korea Party, sent a message of apology to Lee Yong-sup, Gwangju Mayor and member of the Democratic Party of Korea, and Gwangju citizens for the absurd remarks of the members of his party on the Gwangju Uprising.
The guidebook is a revision and supplement to what was made in 2017, and contains 5 large areas of rules that broadcasting company and producers should follow at the actual broadcasting production site.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has decided to revise the diagnosis criteria for "character disorders" in the 11th edition of the International Classification of Diseases (ICD), Kim Yul-ri, professor of psychiatry at Inje University Seoul Paik Hospital, said on the 18th.
Character disorder refers to the tendency to be unable to adapt to society and to show persistent and distinct problems in interpersonal relationships because of one being biased and inflexible due to individual's character trait.
The advancement in such cultural consumptions has greatly helped the bookstore industry as consumers seek quality content and a better lifestyle, a person related to the industry said.
Cheongju, Chungcheongbuk-do Province, said on the 19th that it is making all-out efforts to create jobs for low-income households by cultivating self-support capabilities and providing working opportunities.
This year, the city will provide 5.6 billion won, which is 26% more than last year, to 2,600 people in the self-support labor project, including conditional recipients able to work, self-support people subject to special treatment and the lower income class.
Due to this fire, a man "A" (age 27) was found to have been seriously injured by inhaling smoke and a woman "B" (age 22) was found to have suffered minor injuries.
The Jeju provincial government announced on the 19th that it will extend the period of general taxation on acquisition and property taxes to support investment migration until Dec. 31, 2021, and announce a partially revised ordinance on the "Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Tax Reduction Ordinance," which will transfer to heavy taxation annually from 2022.
The Travel Road (#일주도로#) of Ulleungdo Island is 44.55km long, slightly longer than the full course of a marathon, as the unopened section (4.75km) was completed on Dec. 28 last year.
Pittsbugh has high hope for Kang Jung-ho, who returned to MLB after a long absence due to complicated visa problems after being caught drunk driving.
Kang Junh-ho, who signed a one-year contract with Pittsburgh again after being released as FA last year, will receive 5.5 million dollars if he achieves all options this season.
The Jeju provincial government announced on the 19th that it is urgently collecting all eggs produced and distributed at the relevant farms as Enrofloxacin was detected (0.00342mg/kg) after a consignment test of eggs produced on the 11th in the region's chicken spawn farms.
In other words, air quality, which had been relatively clean due to snow and rain that fell across the country, could deteriorate over time.
It is expected that the air quality on the 21st will change from "good" to "ordinary" as the air will spread smoothly due to high pressure located near the Shandong Peninsula in China.
After internal evaluation by Blizzard Entertainment and Naver, the award-winning work will be announced by each sections through the official post of Naver Games on the 25th of next month.
The Korea Expressway Corporation, which did not even have confidence on the Spring Volleyball let alone the combined Champion like last year until the middle of the season, has been showing strength of the "Depending Champion" recently with 5 consecutive wins.
As the burden of Lee So-young and Kang So-hwi could rise, rookie Park Hye-min, who made an impressive last-minute appearance at the last match against IBK Industrial Bank, could also have longer competing time.
Earlier this month, it rose for 8 consecutive trading days, also marking the longest streak of consecutive rise since February 2017.
Analysts say that the dollar is benefiting from the added uncertainty in Europe due to concerns over the global economic slowdown that erupted late last year.
Some point out that one of the reasons why the foreign buying that was strong in the KOSPI market last month faltered this month is due to the stronger dollar.
For example, before, a semiconductor manufacturing device had to take several pictures of a product and overlay them in order to catch defective semiconductors, but if Supernova is introduced, just one photo can filter out defective products.
Prior to the launch of the new car "Korando (in the photo)," Ssangyong Motor unveiled its real image on the 18th and began pre-contracting at showrooms across the country in ties with online shopping malls.
Yang Eui-ji, who received 600 million won in annual salary from the Doosan Bears last year, earned the free agent (FA) status and will receive 2 billion won, up 1.4 billion won, as he newly settled at the NC Dinos this season.
A total of 844 players, including 10 team managers, 248 coaches and 586 players, have registered in the KBO league this season.
He tied for first in the 1st round at not only the Genesis Open but also the Pebble Beach Pro-Am, which was held the previous week of Genesis Open, before finishing as the 42nd.
Spieth made a birdie on the first hole again on the day, but since he made a double bogey on the second hole by shanking, he played worse than "Weekend Golfers."
"Basketball Emperor" Michael Jordan, the host of this game and the owner of Charlotte Hornets, who uses the place as its home stadium, watched the final appearance of the soon-to-be-legends younger generation.
As if reflecting the strong trend of outshide shots in the NBA, 62 three-pointers exploded on the day, the most three-pointers in the NBA All-Star Game history.
Antetokounmpo, who scored the most points (38 points), received applause by scoring 5 dunks in the 5 minutes of the first quarter and taking Stephen Curry (Golden State)'s high-bound pass from the air and putting it straight on the rim in the second quarter.
The man A, who will be in his fourth year of the regular course this year, had planned to fulfill his mandatory military service after taking the National Medical Admission Test in January next year and graduating.
Earlier, Moda Outlet took administrative steps, including approval of the tourism complex construction project from the Gyeongsangbuk-Do Tourism Organization in July 2016 and the building permit from the Gyeongju city government in January the following year.
After listening more to the opinions of merchants and companies, the city will review related laws to decide as soon as possible whether to open the store.
Eoullim Safety Center (#어울림 안전체험관#) is a facility where students can receive disaster training and first aid education by using the unused classrooms of Waseok Elementary School.
The operation hours have been changed in response to complaints that local soldiers cannot visit hospitals in Hwacheon-eup due to the fast departure time of the bus.
The Jeju provincial government said on the 18th that it will begin the hearing process to cancel the medical business if the Greenland International Medical Center does not open by the deadline for its opening under the Medical Law.
Controversy is brewing as Hyundai Heavy Industries plans to give up some of its land in the Gunsan shipyard, whose operation has been suspended since July 2017, to change it to a solar power facility.
Gunsan, Jeollabuk-do Province, and local communities are strongly protesting, saying it is unacceptable as people are waiting desperately for the normalization of the Gunsan shipyard.
To this, Gunsan is adamant saying that it cannot accept the application at a time when it is stepping up to restart the Gunsan shipyard.
Jeollabuk-do Province also said it would not accept the plan if the installation of solar power plants is made on the condition that there is no reactivation or if it has a negative impact on the restart.
The article of Joongang Daily, which Ha posted on the Facebook page with it, contained an interview with Lee Su-yeon, a senior researcher at the Korea Women's Development Institute, who was in charge of the controversial research of the guidelines.
The square would have become a much richer daily space if some shops in the underground shopping malls were on the ground on the streets around City Hall Square.
Because of the brush strokes drawn with the force of a planing aze, the blue wind literally seems to be flowing coolly down the valley.
Ryu Ji-hye earlier confessed during an Internet broadcast of having had an abortion in the past, pointing the former professional gamer Lee Young-ho as her child's father.
Lee Young-ho is a renowned professional gamer who set the record for the youngest individual league title at age 15 in the Bacchus Star League in 2008 and is currently broadcasting on the Internet after retiring in 2015.
Attending the event were Lee Na-young, secretary-general of the Netmarble Cultural Foundation, Woo Chang-won, secretary general of the Babonanum. Lee Hyang-sook, chairman of Council for the Guro-gu Community Child Center, and other officials from the Netmarble Sharing Fund Committee.
Launched in January last year, the Netmarble Cultural Foundation is conducting various activities for social contribution, focusing on 3 areas: "Creating Culture," "Raising Talent" and "Sharing Minds."
It is estimated that the effect for production inducement will be 3.96 trillion won (6.7266 trillion won for the whole country), 1.776 trillion won (2.4798 trillion won for the whole country) in the inducement of added value, 37,960 people (49,619 people for the shole county) in the effect for employment, and 39,784 people (56,326 people in the whole country) in the inducement of finding a job.
The Jeju provincial government said on the 20th that it is seeking to enact an "ordinance on the education support of children including those from common people of Jeju Special Self-Governing Province," to support the study expense of children from low-income vulnerable social groups who are attending elementary, middle and high schools.
The subjects for appliation are elementary, middle and high school students that are recipients of national basic livelihood guaratees, lower income faimilies, single parent families and others. The amount of money for support, timing, methods and procedures for the application will be determined by the governor.
The ordinance also stipulated that the support money should be returned when used for other purposes, and that a survey should be conducted on the level of income and property conditions of those who are subject to application for the purpose of establishing and implementing project plans.
Earlier, Jeju provincial government and the Jeju Provincial Office of Education decided to share the cost fifty-fifty through the Education and Public Administration Council last November. They agreed to make efforts to develop education and Jeju's future.
Using Tricot, the flagship weaving machine of the world's leading textile equipment maker Karlmeier in Germany, it minimized the transparency through high-density weaving of 40 gauges and increased its activity in the water by its excellent adhesion.
The construction is a project to improve the sturcture of dagerous roads which will cost 1.348 billion won. It began in November last year and will go in active building on the coming 25th, planned to be completed by the end of April.
In fact, the area was an accident hazard that was hit by 98 traffic accidents with 4 deaths and 163 injured between 2007 and 2018, and there have been constant complaints on the improvement by local residents and Chungnam National University.
The city will carry out construction from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. to avoid rush hours, and plans to guide vehicles to detour to Jukdong road.
Most parts of the country also had a "good" to "ordinary" level until the morning, but the air quality has been deteriorating in the afternoon, becoming "bad" or "very bad."
The results of Air Korea's air quality prediction model show that the highly-concentrated fine dust is rushing to the Korean Peninsula in western winds from China.
According to CK&B, Aqua Bank, which sells portable hydrogen generators, MAPUTI, a brand that specializes in whitening cosmetic products and is famous in 6 countries such as China and Vietnam, BeautyBar, a beauty device manufacturer, and Glide Enterprise, a Japanese mask pack company, also have been applied with a Hidden Tag for anti-forgery and product authentication solutions.
Hidden Tag is a unique O2O technology by CK&B, which complements the security flaws of QR code and provides various functions that have gone one step further.
The Hidden Tag application is the only way to verify the encryption data inserted in the security label, increasing the security of product authentication.
Data on what reaction a product shows in a region can be used to predict the market and produce and distribute the product.
Atletico Madrid of Spain will face Juventus of Italy in the first match in the round of 16 of the 2018-2019 Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) Champions League at 5 a.m. on the 21st (in Korean time).
The union earlier put a vote on last month 25th for the union members on the first provisional agreement in Dec. 27 last year, but it was rejected as 62.8% voted against it.
High hopes are on Lee Jung-hyun as she has the same name with the national team captain Lee Jung-hyun, the leading scorer of Korea, and is considered to be as good as her professional seniors.  
Trump was the first of the Western leaders to officially recognize Guaido as interim president and imposed sanctions on the state-run oil company, Petróleos de Venezuela (PDVSA), the biggest cash cow for Maduro's regime.
It will also seek cooperation with various global game, media and content companies at the Mobile World Congress (MWC), the world's largest mobile exhibition that will open in Barcelona on the 25th.
Smilegate Stove, the platform business affiliate of Smilegate, is officially releasing "Stove VR," a platform service exclusively for VR store operators.
KB, which recorded 24 wins and 6 losses, widened its gap with No. 2 player Asan Woori Bank (22 wins and 7 losses) to 1.5 matches, and made the magic number that secures the self-strength victory in the regular league to 4.
The preliminary reduction measure is the measure where the public sector first implements a double shift vehicle system to reduce fine dust when it is expected to be severe.
The preliminary reduction measure can be issued when the ultrafine dust (PM2.5) concentrations are forcast to exceed 50㎍/㎥ for two consecutive days or when the fine dust levels are forcast to be "very bad" two days later.
Lee recalled that at around 1 p.m. on May 21 that year, the national anthem suddenly began to resonate on Geumnam-ro, where citizens and martial law forces were confronting each other.
Suspicions are that even after internally recognizing the defects in the production of the theta[θ] 2 Engine, the company covered up or denied the defects for years, delaying proper measures such as recalls.
Some point out that if the law fails to stipulate effective levels of fines, it would be better to introduce alternatives such as a "work time account" in which overtime hours are saved and used for vacation.
The plan is to introduce only 5G models in line with the schedule for the world's first 5G commercialization, its symbolism, and Korean consumers' tendency to be sensitive to high-tech and latest trends.
The city said it will spend 564.1 billion won to reduce fine dust levels through expanding urban forests in daily life by pushing for long-term unexecuted parks.
The city held a public-private forum with civic groups, experts and the county and district governments to finalize the "comprehensive plan to expand parks in Incheon Metropolitan City."
People have consistently requested for the expansion of parks for the leisure space of Incheon citizens, but the city has been having trouble creating new parks due to financial conditions for a long time.
In fact, based on the 2017 data of Statistics Korea, Incheon has an overwhelming area of urban forests compared to Daejeon (10.3), Ulsan (9.4), Seoul (8.1), Busan (6.6), Gwangju (6.1), and Daegu (4.9).
The Incheon city government has prepared a detailed plan to compensate for and create long-term unexecuted park facilities, laying the groundwork for the solution to the long-standing task of the "long-term unexecuted forest site" preemptively than other regions.
So far, the Incheon city government has tried to reflect the opinions of citizens by holding 7 rounds of public-private forums and expert discussions on the issue.
According to the city's analysis, 7.23㎢, or about 17% of the public park area in Incheon, are subject to automatic actual effect in 2020 under the "Sunset law of designated sites that are unexecuted for long-term" following the ruling of the Constitutional Court in 1999.
Among them, the city has selected a total of 2.91㎢ of 46 places, equivalent to the area of Yeouido, excluding 4.32㎢ of development-restricted zones, national/public land and readjustment areas.
Incheon plans to raise funds worth 564.1 billion won, which is expected to be spent to compensate the affected sites and create parks, in various ways, including issuing municipal bonds (excluding receivables).
The city plans to use the already-secured 63.8 billion won (including 22 billion won in municipal bonds), the general accounts of 234.5 billion won (including 60 billion won in municipal bonds), the capital area special accounts of 85.4 billion won, the county and district expenses of 180.4 billion won and the 86.4 billion won planned to be reflected this year fall.
The city also plans to preserve the national/public land selected for conservation area through policy consultations with the central government, the National Assembly and others and plans to maintain the park function through the transfer of urban natural park zones or the promotion of urban development projects.
In addition, it plans to secure a total of 54.5 billion won (the government expense of 27.3 billion won) to create a forest for reducing fine dust in the central line section of the generalization area of the Gyeongin Expressway and plans to complete the project by 2024.
Through the creation of urban forests, the Incheon city government expects to address various environmental pollution by reducing airborne dust and fine dust, mitigating the urban heat island effects and reducing noise from cars.
With a floor area of 17,260.8㎡ (about 5,221 pyeong), it will be built with 2 basement floors, 4 ground floors and about 60 sickbeds, and will be equipped with various facilities that can provide both education and treatment, including rehabilitation facilities as well as care classes and dispatch classes.
Constable Jang Ji-hoon, the police at Pohang Coast Guard's Yeongil Bay police subsation, jumped into the sea and rescued A safely and took him/her to the hospital.
The emergency care for infants and children is attended by 4 pediatricians and 8 dedicated nurses at Dongguk University Gyeongju Hospital and is provided at night and on public holidays.
The city agreed with Dongguk University Gyeongju Hospital to operate an emergency care center for infants and children around the clock and decided to provide some of the labor costs for 12 medical professionals hired separately.
The emergency care center for infant and children will be operated in separate rooms from the adult emergency rooms, equipped with medical equipment for infants and children and attended by residing pediatricians.
Lee Jong-chan, permanent vice president of the Chungcheongbuk-do Sports Council, Han Jang-hoon, chairman of the Chungbuk Society Development, Kang Tae-jae, head director of the Chungbuk Citizen Foundation, and Lee Han-bae, permanent vice president of the Goesan Sports Council, were named co-chairmen of the bidding committee.
16 out of 39 middle and high schools within the region participated in the school uniform sharing event, which marks its 7th year. 6,000 uniforms were collected and sold after laundry and mending.
On the 20th, he/she/they held a meeting between Gyeongsangbuk-do Province, Pohang, Gyeongju, Gyeongsangbuk-do Culture & Tourism Organization, and boat and travel agencies, visited Yeongil Bay Port, planned to be completed in 2020 and explored tourist sites in Pohang and Gyeongju so that practical exchanges and cooperation can take place regarding cruise tours.
Ji Eun-hee, who newly wrote the record for the oldest Korean title at the Diamond Resort Tournament of Champions in last January, the first tournament of this season on the LPGA Tour, is likely to renew her own record again.
The "I-am-different (Namdalla)" Park Sung-hyun (age 26), who participated in this season's first LPGA Tour event, stood at 3 under as of 5 p.m., ranking 16th.
The city government said on the 21st that business and medical-related officials, including Seo Jae-won, city council chairman, Kim Jae-dong, head of Pohang Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and Woo Chang-ho, president of the Pohang Medical Association, will visit a focus city in Far East Russia.
During the 4 nights and 5 days visit from the 21st, the visiting team will visit Kamchatka, Russia, to strengthen friendship and cooperation by signing an letter for intention of exchage and a business cooperation agreement, and to create a new profit model through cooperation on fisheries with the Kamchatka region, which has abundant fisheries resources.
After taking office in 2014 with the 6th popular vote, Lee visited Russia's Far East region to prepare a bridgehead for the development of logistics and marine tourism industries, including securing supplies for the Yeongil Bay Port and opening international routes.
Starfield will pay 2.7 billion won worth of theme parks and public libraries and 2 billion won for the 20 years of library operation, following the initial requirement by Goyang for underground parking lots through the additional negotiations between Starfield and Goyang on the 15th.
The to-be-created parking lot will be open for free at all times for all residents, and much of the chronic parking difficulties of residents of nearby detached houses as well as shoppers are expected to be solved by a huge amount.
The construction of each facility will be carried out in earnest after the future administrative procedures such as traffic impact assessment and evaluation by the City Park Committee, and is aimed at completing by 2020.
The move is expected to be seen as a win-win case that is hard to find in other local governments as the earnest demands of Samsong district residents to "solve the traffic jam" returned with not only the solution but also with the prize of "infrastructure expansion," through the joint efforts by Goyang, the city council and Starfield.
The number of cars available for parking at Starfield Goyang was 4,200, about double the legal standard, but as an average of 15,000 cars visited over the weekend, the opinion that countermeasures are urgently needed became popular.
In order to solve this problem, the city discussed continuously with the residents, local district lawmakers and Starfield on the measure to contribute to the public, and decided that Starfield should build an underground parking lot worth 45 billion won at the neighborhood park in Samsong and donate the land to Goyang City.
With Starfield's acceptance of all such demands, the insufficient infrastructure in the Samsong district will be expanded, and the residents' long-cherished desire will be granted.
The government said on the 20th that it will provide care services for children even if daycare centers, kindergartens and schools are advised to close down due to the implementation of fine dust emergency reduction measures.
Under the "special law on fine dust" that went into effect on the 15th, the government is able to advise school closures and shorter classes when the ultrafine dust levels are "very bad."
Although Giancarlo Stanton (Yankees) signed a 13-year, 325 million dollar contract with the Miami Marlins in 2015, it was an extended contract, not an FA contract.
Reports from the field said that the Philadelphia Phillies offered a 310 million dollar deal to another FA big, Bryce Harper.
It was reported that the Angels recently offered an extension contract worth more than 350 million dollars over 8 years to get him early.
Many analysts say that a contract worth more than 400 million dollars will not be a mere dream if many teams are competing to recruit in consideration of their young age and steady skills.
It also includes education on preventing bullying in the workplace more than once a year, reporting and investigating the company in case bullying in the workplace occurs, and disciplinary action against perpetrators if it's confirmed to be true.
Soldiers of the Army's 2nd Engineer Brigade is building a simple assembly bridge during a cold-weather tactical drill on the 20th at the Bukhangang river in Hwacheon County, Gangwon-do Province.
As for what acts constitute bullying in the workplace, they asked to refer to the Ministry of Employment and Labor's "Judgment, Prevention and Response Manual on Bullying in the Workplace."
As about 85% of the 244 member companies of the Korea Semiconductor Industry Association are in Seoul and Gyeonggi-do Province, if new sites are created in Yongin, real-time organic cooperation will be possible.
At an early age, he surprised people by freely performing high level techniques such as Flip flaps, Marseilles turns, Rabona kicks and Scissors during games.
Lee Kang-in joined the Incheon United youth team at the age of 6, competing shoulder to shoulder with older players, and moved to Spain in January 2011 when he had been affiliated with the Incheon football club, Flying's FC, to join the Valencia youth team.
It was a scene that could have been the first goal of the Europa League if the Celtic goalkeeper had not reached out his right arm in a moment and put up good defense.
As exports are expected to remain sluggish, the government has formed and is operating a "task force(TF) to boost export vitality" since last month, which involves related ministries, associations, institutions and civilian experts.
Measures to boost exports are expected to be finalized at the economic vitality meeting chaired by Hong Nam-ki, the Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs and the Minister of Economy and Finance, sometime next week.
The green area is equivalent to the size of 61 soccer fields, and some 340,000 trees of 90 kinds, including pine, cypress and finge trees, are planted.
In order to increase the effect of blocking pollutants in buffer green zones, the city allowed broadleaf trees, evergreens and needleleaf trees to grow together, blocking the city arsenic acid of air pollutants from industrial complexes.
The Ulsan city government announced on the 22th "competition for project plans on opening a private supply business for electric vehicles and electric twowheeled vehicles in 2019", which will provide 600 electric vehicles and 300 electric twowheeled vehicles this year.
Qualifications for applications include citizens with an address in Ulsan until the day before the application for the purchase of electric vehicles is received, or corporations and companies with businesses located in Ulsan.
The subsidy support will be cancelled if the vehicle is not released within 2 months of the application for the purpose of preventing delays in the shipment of the manufacturer and managing the actual purchaser.
State subsidies for destination chargers will be provided separately from vehicle subsidies, and subsidies will also be available for installing destination chargers at apartments, business places and large parking lots.
Applications and installation of destination chargers will be carried out through the Korea Environment Corporation, and specific procedures and support amount can be checked at the combined portal of the electric vehicle charging station of the Ministry of Environment before applying.
While the 2018 graduation ceremony of Chonbuk National University was held in Chonbuk National University in Jeonju, North Jeolla-do Province on the 22th, graduates are congratulating each other on their graduation, throwing their graduation caps.
If Ryu Hyun-jin, who showed his best when he pitched last year with 7 wins, 3 losses and a 1.97 ERA, proves his health, there is a possibility of a big FA contract.
The government has assessed that if the No Deal Brexit occurs, companies will suffer damages in all areas related to import and export such as tariffs, customs clearance, certification and logistics.
"Friends Town," which is set to be released in the first half of this year, is a new mobile game that combines puzzles and decorating elements, and will be conducted by playing puzzles and carrying out a decorating quest in a town consisting of themes and episodes by characters, creating a "town" that "Kakao Friends" dreams of.
At first glance, it is a beautiful landscape, a parody of famous paintings, but there are hidden devices inside it that allow us to look back on the violence of capitalism and our overspending.
Exports of semiconductors, which account for the largest portion of the main items, fell 23.4% compared to the same month last year to 7.54 billion dollars.
In addition, during the trade negotiations with the U.S., China presented a card to expand imports of U.S. semiconductors by fivefold to 200 billion dollars over the next 6 years.
The Washington Post pointed out that Putin's mention of an attack on the U.S. mainland was a strong warning that the arms race, including missile development, might continue after the INF's collapse.
Jutanugarn tied for 3rd at 5-under through the 13th hole in the 1st round of the Honda Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) Thailand at Siam Country Club in Chonburi, Thailand, on the 21st.
Jutanugarn, who is ranked No. 1 in the world but has never won a tournament in her native land Thailand, was determined to play.
Ji Eun-hee, who wrote the winning record for the oldest Korean title at the Diamond Resort Tournament of Champions last January, which was the first game in the LPGA Tour event this season, has caught the possibility of renewing it again.
According to the city, the hospital will have classrooms and gyms for special education for disabled children, various program rooms for care and auditoriums.
The Nexon Foundation, established in February last year, is pushing for projects for future generations in IT, culture, play and health under the banner "From a CHILD."
In case the Korean national football team wins the tournament with gold medals, Cho Hyun-woo will be entitled to exemption from mandatory military service. This will allow his advance into European leagues to get momentum in the transfer window in the winter next January.
Kang Hyeon-mu(Pohang), who was dropped from the list of Asian Games athletes in stead of Cho Hyun-woo with outstanding skills, failed to surpass his upturn in a sense.
Jihaksa, represented by Kwon Jun-gu, announced that the company would recruit #풍산자# scholarship recipients by August 19 in order to raise the academic enthusiasm  for and achievement of mathematics learning among middle and high school students.
Son Heung-min, who has borne little relationship alone with international competitions related to exemption from military service,  is one of the athletes who draw the most attention.
Korea is rated as an eternal front-runner at least in the Asian stage, but no decisive victory exists in an international competition no matter how weak the opponent seems to be.
Not being swayed by media or the gaze from a third party, not yielding to external influence, but sticking to his own philosophy based on his own strategic decision is also one of the essential traits that a coach must have.
Yeonsu-gu District Office, headed by Ko Nam-seok, Incheon, announced that the office would take actions by taking advantage of all possible administrative resources to solve the stench problems that have annoyed the residents of Songdo International City recently.
A private-public joint investigation team will be organized to closely investigate the stench-causing facilities in the entire Songdo area, and the team includes the fire department, the police department, the Ministry of Environment, the National Institute of Environmental Research, the Korea Environment Corporation, the Korea Gas Safety Corporation, the Incheon Research Institute of Public Health and Environment,  the Korea Meteorological Administration, the Incheon Free Economic Zone Authority, and civilians.
Choi Jung-gu, the head of Financial Supervisory Commission, had a meeting with a group of people from personal credit information and fintech companies at D-Camp in Yeoksam-dong, Kangnam, Seoul, on 18th day of this month, opening plans for introducing My Data industry in the financial field.
Jeil Steel made a public announcement that it had made a contract of share transfer which would involve the change of the largest shareholder last 6th, and the deal will render the chairman of Shinil Group to be as such.
South Jeolla Province Office announced that on-the-spot task force teams would be operated in relevant cities and counties as it is forecast that the water temperature around the country will rise by 0,5 ~ 1.5 degrees Celsius higher than those of average years. 
According to the Korea Consumer Agency, musical instruments made with plastic materials such as recorders can wash 98.6% of general bacteria only with flowing water and 100% with detergents.
The hit was by far more meaningful in that it was earned from Josh Hader, a lefty closing pitcher, Milwaukee Brewers, who had allowed only three hits to 61 chances given to left-handed batters this season.
LG CNS a subsidiary of SW, launched a robot-applied SW service, that took comprehensive control of the robots which guide and clean at the airport or the shopping mall.
Gary Lineker, a legendary English footballer, parodied what he had said 28 years before twice during the 2018 Russia World Cup, but the result was to the contrary.
Soccer fans expect that soccer powers such as Brazil, Germany, Italy, and Argentina may with the World Cup whenever it is about to start, and wish underdogs a good fight as well.
Croatia is not inferior to any soccer powers in the aspect of players such as Luka Modric(Real Madrid), Ivan Rakitic(FC Barcelona), and Mario Manzukic(Juventus), but it was not easy to expect that they would play well as they scarcely made way to the finals.
Whenever people mention a unforgettable match between a favorite and an underdog in the World Cup, one of the longest mentioned matches is the one between England and North Korea in 1966.
North Korea recorded one tie and one loss after they drew a match with Chile one to one, beating Italy, a strong candidate for the win, one to nil with a goal made by Park Du-ik.
Cameron made a sensation in the first group match when they beat Argentina led by Diego Maradona, the winner of the former World Cup, by one to nil.
Omam Biyik(Laval), a forward in the second level of French football, scored a goal which capsized Argentina, and Cameron advanced to the round of 16 with a four to nil defeat to the Soviet Union but with a win to Romania. 
Though Bulgarian challenge halted at the semi-final, kneeling to Italy with one to two, Stoichkov jumped to the tie of the top scorer with six goals.
South Korea scored the leading goal as well as the first win in the World Cup against Poland and went on beating solid teams including Portugal, Italy, and Spain.
It will be heavily foggy along the west coast until morning, and special attention to safe traffic is needed as the other areas are covered with fog.
 MiraeN Company launched 'My Rose,' a national brand in Bulgaria, opening 'Alps Alpha,' a beauty specialty shopping mall, with a concept of 'Cruelty Free & Vegan' last 19th.
My Rose, which made damask roses rated as one of the three world famous roses into cosmetics, being a highly popular natural cosmetics brand with the extract from Bulgarian rosa damask roses and subtle aroma, does not carry out animal experiment.
The city office plans to root out exorbitant prices by visiting shops constantly and checking resort places even after the street campaign.
The obituary, made by the university of Park Jae-woo( 20, a lance corporal of the ROK Marine Corps) who was killed in a helicopter crash, moved the netizens' eyes reddened.
The accident had five including corporal Park Jae-woo and a lieutenant colonel(45) identified by his surname Kim killed and a sergeant(42), a mechanic, identified by his surname Kim, injured.
Rep. Jang Seok-chun(Gumi-eul District) and Rep. Baek Seung-ju(Gumi-gab) of the Liberty Korea Party defined their negative position, criticizing that Daegu city office was one-sided in regard to the previous discussion of the transfer of the water reservoir by Rep. Hong Eui-rak(Bukgu-eul, Daegu) of the Minjoo Party of Korea.
A four year old girl identified only by A was found dead in the rear seat of the school bus operated by the child care center located in Dongducheon City around 4:50 p.m. on 17th.
Sleeping Child Check' is a system which allows the engine to stop and the door to be closed only when the button installed in the last rear seat is pushed.
The White House announced on 19th(local time) that U.S. President Donald Trump, who stirred up controversy by making a comment to back Russia during the U.S.-Russia Summit held in Helsinki, Finland, plans to hold a second summit talk with Russia.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders, White House press secretary, also said that President Trump instructed John Bolton, White House national security advisor, invite Russian President Vladimir Putin to Washington, D.C. in this fall and that both parties are proceeding with the procedures.
DNI Director Dan Coats heard from the chairman of Aspen Security Forum held in Colorado on that day that a second summit talk had been worked on.
Yeom Gyu-hyeon, an MBC newsroom reporter, and interpreter An Hyeon-mo along with Lee Sang-min, Seong Si-gyeong, Kim Yeong-cheol, Jo Woo-jong covered a day of the employees working there. 
Jo Woo-jong said his father had worked for LG for 30 years and that his elder uncle had participated in the construction of LG Twin Building.
Strategy Analytics(SA), a market survey company, anticipates that the Indian market for mobile phones will continue to make rapid progress and that the sales in 2022 will reach more than 205.4 million phones.
The stocks of Jeil Steel are being transacted at W2,270, a 26.77% drop(W830) from that of the previous day(W3,100) in the KOSDAQ market as of 2:10 p.m.
The stock price of Jeil Steel fluctuated at the news that Shinil Group was preparing the recovery of Donskoi, an armored Russian cruiser which sunk under the open sea near Ulleungdo Island in 1905.
Japanese media including the Asahi Newspaper reported on 20th that Tokyo Olympic Organizing Committee sorted the prices for the tickets of the opening ceremony into five bands whose highest price was set at Yen300,000.
The tickets for the Olympics are slated to start the sales from the official sales web sites of the organizing committee from next spring and those for the Paralympic Games from next summer.
A brown-eared bulbul bird is quenching thirst by moistening its throat with its bill thrusting into the water tap after keeping guard in all directions at the grand park in Nam-gu, Ulsan City on 20th when a heatwave alert was in effect in the local area.
The agreement will lead NH Bank and Hana Bank to develop financial products which can benefit the pregnant women living in the local area with the approval of Financial Supervisory Commission. 
Both banks will install and operate windows only for pregnant women in all banks in the province, and donate books for children and offer an education for finance.
Prior to a sentence demand, an investigation for evidence is scheduled as well, and it involves expert opinions in regard to the credibility of the psychological state and testimony of the accused.
Voice of America(VOA) broadcast on 19th that no ships had been detained even once though they had come in and out of Korean ports with coal from North Korea, which is banned for export by the UN Security Council,  loaded on them.
Sky Angel, which had unloaded 4,000 tons of North Korean coal at Incheon Harbor on October 2, entered the port six times more. 
It was caused by Suncheon Environmental Movement which had requested the Board of Audit and Inspection to audit the plan for a reason that the construction of a suspension bridge is not only a development project which retrogresses against the policies of an eco-city but also it will lead to environmental destruction and budget waste.
South Chungcheong Province, the Board of Education of South Chungcheong Province and the provincial assembly of South Chungcheong Province signed an agreement for business cooperation to make the province good for raising children on 19th at Deoksan High School, Yesan-gun County, South Chungcheong Province.
 According to the agreement, the provincial office and the board of education promised administrative and financial support to realize '3 Free Education' such as free education, free lunch, and free school uniforms for high school students.
The two organizations will carry out businesses for educational cooperation by supporting educational expenses for private kindergartens and expanding the installation of air purifiers at all primary and secondary schools.
The fire department assumed that the fire started from the driver seat, developing to the engine room and the seat next to the driver in a few minutes, but the exact cause has not been identified yet.
The fire department intends to scrutinize this fire to see if it is a similar example to the care fire which burned a 520d model vehicle which took place prior to this.
It is expected that hot steams which was formed in the course of the 10th typhoon AMPIL moving to Shanghai, China via the northeast sea of Taiwan, will flow into the Korean Peninsula.
With 'a heat dome' which accumulates heat repeatedly, casualties followed one after another in several places around the nation amid murderous heat waves of higher than 35 degrees Celsius during the daytime.
In addition to this, a hot and dry high atmospheric pressure, which formed in Tibet has developed more intensely than that of average years, has influence on the Korean Peninsula.
The metropolitan city office divides Seoul into five districts, and issues a warning in case more than 0.12ppm of average ozone concentration per hour occurs, an alert in case of more than 0.3ppm, and a severe alert in case of more than 0.5ppm.
The typhoon AMPIL is moving northwest at the speed of 31km per hour in the open sea near about 280km east southeast of Shanghai, China with the intensity being middle and the size being small as of 3 a.m.
Oh Seung-hwan earned a hold by recording no losing point in one inning in the 2018 MLB official game with Baltimore Orioles which was held at Rogers Center, Toronto, Ontario, Canada on 20th(Korean Time).
Choo Shin-soo made the longest record of on-base streak in the history of Texas Rangers, starting a streak of on-bases in the game against Houston Astros on May 14.
The business circle expected that it would take some time for Samsung to produce micro LED TVs for reasons of technical difficulty and high costs.
One day a cartoon he had drawn as if he had scribbled in his childhood caught his attention in the corner of his father's book in the bookshelf. 
Choo Shin-soo was the first left-handed hitter who succeeded in on-base streak in more than 50 games since legendary slugger Barry Bonds, San Francisco Giants, recorded a streak of 58 on-bases in 2003.
He broke the record of the most on-bases(46 games) in a single season made by Julio Franko of Texas by extending on-base streak to 47 games with a dramatic infield hit in the top of the 9th inning in the game against Detroit Tigers on 9th.
In addition to this, Choo Shin-soo is assumed to break his own record of career most homeruns(22 in 2010, 2015, and 2017) in a single season as he already hit his 18th homerun in this season.
SponB, a sports IT specialty company, puts emphasis on the importance of sports data, improving the inconveniences found in users enjoying existing leisure sports, and developing a platform whose data rights can be returned to its users.
SponB searches the members, teams, and stadiums around me, matches games, and makes a reservation for a stadium on behalf of users by taking advantage of location-based service when users enjoy baseball, basketball, or football games.
According to Smart Choice, the average price for the best class of Samsung Galaxy Note(64GB) is W734,500, for the middle class W704,500, and for the lowest class W649,667 as of the 3rd week of July.
ETF 'TIGER Health Care,' which contain major bio stocks in KOSPI and KOSDAQ such as Celtrion, Samsung Biologics, Shilla Gen, and some others, recorded a loss of 12.29% in three months.
Upsals, Sweden, recorded 34.4 degrees Celsius, the highest  temperature in July since 1975, and South Turk, Finland, 33.3 degrees Celsius, the highest temperature in July since 19914.
A heat dome is a phenomenon which traps hot air by forming a film of dome shape when a high atmospheric pressure in the air of about 5 ~ 7km from the ground is in a stationary state.
According to '# - Banollim,' an NGO to protect the health and human rights of semi-conductor laborers, which has been active to solve this problem, 73 patients have applied for the compensation for industrial disaster as they allege that they were contracted with rare incurable diseases such as leukemia, brain cancers, and brain tumors while they were working at the semi-conductor section and LCD business section of Samsung.
We hope that this agreement will provide a turning point for local conglomerates such as Samsung to be aware of the social responsibility and the importance of ethical management.
Considering that Oh Jae-won is currently recording 12 homeruns in this season, it can be said that his explosive activity shown this week was remarkable.
Though they are the core players of tight infield defense of 'Doosan, their hot hits are inspiring their team members who are likely worn out by scorching heat.
Doosan came from behind in the 17 to 10 game against LG Twins last 21st in Jamsil Stadium, Seoul, and the game revealed the real value of the combination of Oh Jae-won and Kim Jae-ho.
I feel a heavy responsibility as I am to lead the association, the center of our industrial safety, at this time when safety is regarded as highly significant in the society.
This is not a duty of one person but a responsibility of everybody in the society, and each individual has a role and mission of his or her own.
The fund extends free support to the safety inspection and improvement of facilities mainly for the living of the socially weak such as welfare facilities for the disabled, special schools, play facilities for children, and small-scale business sites.
Chairman Yoon did not fail to promise that many kinds of events including seminars on safety culture will be held at the safety culture center, his core business, on a regular basis and that the center will be a place where practical movement for safety culture is expanded by equipping a memorial hall, an experience hall, and an auditorium.
What made consumers move was that consumers do not have to visit a dermatology clinic in time in a troublesome way and with burdensome expenses but they can have their skin care at home in a comfortable way.
Importer tariff payment condition' has been a practice even in the export contract so far, but there were concerns for an occasion where buyers may demand the change of contract with 'importer tariff payment condition' due to the expiration of quarters afterwards.
The safeguard is a tentative step which imposes 25% of tariff on import quota which exceed the quota after the quota is calculated based on the average import quota for the last three years, and the final step will be decided after a hearing in September.
For this, a task force team related to Intouch Health will visit Myeongji Hospital in this coming September, discussing concrete plans for implementation, and it is expected that comprehensive cooperation will proceed starting from the introduction of two iRobots for telemedicine made by Intouch Health.
The city office expands the areas covered to Gyeongju, Yangsan, Nopodong Station of Busan, and Dongnamkwon Nuclear Medical Center in Gijang-gun by operating additional seven vehicles designated only for such areas.
Minister Song Young-mu lays wreaths at the joint funeral ceremony for the soldiers, who were killed in the collapse of Marinon, a landing mobilizing helicopter, at Dosolgwan Hall located in the 1st Division of ROK Marines, Nam-gu, Pohang, North Gyeongsang Province in the morning of 23rd.
This program, hosted by Korea Institute of Basic Science Support and supported by the city government, will help the youths experience various research infra structures and achievements in Daedeok Special Research Development Zone at first hand.
Junior Doctors will operate 440 programs with 164 subjects at 36 organizations in total including research centers, government agencies, and civilian organizations in Daedeok Special Research Development Zone this year.
The city plans to invite 160 students who belong to the schools designated for the priority support projects of education welfare and offer an opportunity to participate in the programs particularly for those who are marginalized to science culture.
Sheikh Khalipa, the current ruler of Abu Dhabi, is not in good shape, not being able to appear in an official meeting in person, and the Prince Royal Sheikh Mohammed, the successor,  is carrying out official tasks. 
The presidential office of the federal government has been building hospitals for other emirates directly on the governmental level, not through the health ministry of UAE on a charity level.
At present, SNU Hospital has been taking over the management of the hospital for more than three years, contributing to publicizing the excellence of Korean medicine in UAE by practicing stable treatment after overcoming numerous difficulties at the first stage.
Abu Dhabi has been sending abroad the patients who are not satisfied with the local medical treatment at governmental costs based on the abundant oil money.
It is hard to find Caucasian doctors except for some Europeans, and most of the doctors there are Arabians, Indians, or Pakistanis.
It is highly anticipated that a decisive opportunity for Korean doctors to advance to UAE is secured during the visit of the younger brother of the Prince Royal of Abu Dhabi to Korea scheduled in this coming fall.
Amid constant heat waves of over 35 degrees Celsius in the daytime, a series of accidents occurred and chickens that could not endured heat waves died in groups at farm houses in Duseo-myeon, Ulju-gun, Ulsan City on 23rd.
The Bless launched at the price of about 40 dollars recorded high sales at first, but the instability of servers, contents different from what was published, and low quality translations faced severe criticism, leading to disastrous refunds.
NCSoft announced on 2nd that 22 billion Korean Won would be invested to Force Creative Party which is specialized in VFX to animate the IP items of both parties and to proceed with cooperation in sharing the cutting edge technology of digital video production.
This traIn whose patent was registered by the Agricultural Technology Center of Cheongju City, its developer, was manufactured in the way that the tractor functions as its engine and a steel chair with wheels is attached to it.
The poster of this year, that was opened to the public on that day by the organizing committee, links the sky and the sea with the logo of the Cheongwon Life Festival giving off fresh atmosphere as if it were alive and breathed.
The governor of Kampong Speu Province, Cambodia, authorities concerned in Gwangju City, volunteers, and local residents participated in the ceremony hosted with Asia Hope Tree, the managing organization.
An additional Gwangju medical clinic opened in Dimuwa, Parbat District, Nepal in February 2017 following Cambodia, and a mobile medical clinic opened in Mongol in March.
The dispatch of civilian medical staff and a 119 rescue team by Gwangju City to Nepal where a strong earthquake had occurred in 2015 was a start of the second overseas medical clinic.
The medical clinic was established in a town 50km northwest of Pokhara, a famous place of tourist attraction in Nepal, offering various medical services to the tourists from all over the world who come to the country to visit Annapurna, the highest peak among the Himalayas.
A local doctor, a nurse, a radiation technician, a physiological technician, and a manager are employed in the Gwangju medical clinic, and medical staff of Gwangju City visit it four to five times every year, offering medical services.
Young students shed sweat in beads when they took care of kindergarten kids, repairing desks and chairs, and decorating the study room with a subject, 'A Mind Trip Searching for Stars Inside Me,.'
SCD militias who had carried out rescue activities for war victims at battle sites during the Syrian civil war and 400 of their families were rescued by Israeli soldiers on 22nd(Local Time), escaping to Jordan.
Though he is short-arsed, standing 169cm high, he exercises a dead lift(a workout to lift a weight on the floor high up to the waist) weighing 180kg every day.
Iran warned that they might use a card of blocking the Strait of Hormuz, a major transportation channel for crude oil in regard to the U.S. sanctions.
Medibio Lab, resented by Lee Yong-min, recently announced that the company newly released 'Water-soluble Macheongol Extract(Picture),' a functional health food, which helps expedite the formation of cartilages, intensify bone density, and improve osteoporosis and degenerative arthritis.
The Jiba Jets, the Nagoya Diamond Dolphins, and the Ryukyu Golden Kings from the Japan B League will participate in the event, and the Pubon Braves and the Yulon Luxgen Christians from the Taiwan SBL will take part in it.
English media Premier reported that English and Nigerian Christians protested to demand the release of Leah in London on 18th.
The cutting edge medical technology of Busan, whose world class technology has supported and activated the convergence area of medical ICT including smart health care, is eager to advance to the far east countries such as Russia and Mongol whose medical environment is fragile and to treat and attract foreign patients.
Bale is the best core resource of Real Madrid whose strength lies in the counter attack that aims a fatal shot at a highly fast speed when they switch from defense to offense.
SheHJ, an online shopping mall specialized in import of female clothes, of ImHJ announced that it won the first prize in the field of online shopping malls for imported female garment in the ceremony of '2018 Korea Consumer Satisfaction Index No. 1 Voted by Consumer' held at Rivera Hotel, Cheongdam-dong, Seoul on July 24.
A red tide warning was issued earlier than the previous year this year as the water temperature rose due to the rapid increase of sunlight after the early disappearance of heavy rain and an environment suitable for the increase of red tide organisms due to the decrease of diatoms which are their competitors.
The Cheju-do Office issued a notice on 24th in regard to the operation of the priority lane for public transportation vehicles of Cheju-do model and relevant policies, and  announced that a fine will be issued to a vehicle violating such policies from September.
The system of priority lane is a core content of the revision of the public transportation system of Cheju-do implemented last year.  The provincial government first intended to issue a fine from last January, but postponed its execution as the number of violators increased due to the problems with road structures and controversy over legal backgrounds soared. 
The enforcement of violation of priority lane system is implemented in the shoulder-facing road in the following areas: 2.7km between Gwangyang Crossroad and Arajo Crossroad, 0.8km between the airport and Haetae Park, 11.8km along Musucheon, Nohyeong, Terminal, Gwangyang, Inje, and the National Museum.
Only the following vehicles are allowed in the priority lane system: public buses, taxis, chartered buses, school buses for children with the evidence of report issued by the chief of the police station, vehicles operated by mobile support centers for the weak, and emergency vehicles.
The Naming Committee of Seo-gu Office resolved to change the name of the park to 'Dunjimi Park of 3.8 Democracy Movement and requested the city to consider it.
Won He-ryong, governor of Jeju Special Self-Governing Province, visited the Jejudo office of the Justice Party located in Goma-ro in the afternoon of 24th, burning incense toward the picture of late Noh Hoi-chan and having a conversation with Kim Dae-won(left)., the chief of the provincial chapter of the Justice Party.
The symbol mark includes the athlete who is in the duel, the Mobius Strip which stands for infinity, English letter C which comes from Chungbuk and Cheongju, and six colors which stands for the six continents.
The research team announced that the rate of suicide increased in the period of hot weather in an abnormal way regardless of other variations, which were considered in the study course, such as the level of poverty, seasonal depress, and the suicide of a celebrity which can lead to copycat suicide.
The degree of hearing of pediatrics can be identified through the objective hearing evaluation as it is difficult to execute a subjective hearing evaluation with pure sound to which an adult responds when it is heard in case of pediatrics.
Cuba, one of socialist countries only a few of which remain in the world, passed a constitutional amendment which approves private properties officially in 42 years.
Washington Post reported on 22nd(Local Time) that Congress of the Communist Party of Cuba had passed a bill for constitutional amendment, on 21st in the general assembly, which allows private properties, the introduction of market economy, the limitation of the office term of the president of the Council of State, the establishment of prime minister system, and same-sex marriage.
IOC member Yoo Seung-min visited Gangwon-do, delivering the medal to Governor Choi on behalf of Thomas Bach, Chairman of IOC.
The Olympic medal is the highest level order of IOC which is awarded to a selected individual who has been devoted and contributed to the development of sports and Olympic movement since 1975.
Amid the expectation of the rise of prices of milk sold in the market, a consumer is taking a careful look at milk products at a mart in Seoul on 23rd. 
Tiger Woods took 71 strokes overall to play the final round of the Open, a PGA tour, held in Carnoustie Golf Links(Par 71, 7,402 yards), Scotland, on 23rd(Korea Time), scoring a five under 279 strokes, and finished the tournament in the 6th.
It was in seven years since the first nine in the final round of 2011 Masters when he was a co-leader that he led a major tournament.
So the city office and Dangjin Eco Power decided to move the golden frog to Dangsan Eco Park located at Dangsan-ri, Songsan-myeon, obtaining the approval of catching from the Environment Office of Geum-gang River Area early this month.
Its main habitats are in puddles in hillocks, water channels, rice fields, and plain fields, but the environmental contamination, and the use of agrichemicals led to the significant decrease of its population. For this reason, it is classified and protected as endangered wild creatures of class II.
Such impression led companies to ignore the town with abandoned mines with jobs disappearing. It causes the repetition of a vicious circle that makes young people to leave the town for cities seeking for jobs.
Amid the record-breaking heat streak for days, children are playing with water and fighting heat around the water foundation in Gwanghwamun Square on 23rd.
The man identified by his surname Lee who was engaged in driving knew her in Gumi, North Gyeongsang Province, leaving Sun-ae, a then three year old girl, with his mother at Sangyeog-dong, Daegu. However, his daughter disappeared when he returned home.
Sun-ae was strolling around Daedo Market in Sangyeog-dong after she left home. Then a police officer found her, and she was protected at a related agency.
In the meantime, Sun-ae requested Jungang Adoption Center to find her family last November, and her existence was identified.
400,000 livestock such as chickens, ducks, and pigs died of scorching heat on that day in North Jeolla Province, while 220,000 died in South Jeolla Province.
248,000 livestock died of scorching heat on that day in South Chungcheong Province as well, while 23,000 died in Gangwon Province. The damage takes place everywhere.
Stockbreeders started to install heat-proof facilities and operate fog sprayers in order to reduce the damage from heat wave, but the damage of livestock are assumed to increase as heat waves are expected to prevail for the time being.
Large schools of parrot fish have been found dead at the cage farms structured on the sea near Jupo Harbor, Hampyeong-gun, South Jeolla Province since 17th, and about 80,000 fish has died so far.
The sea temperature of this area are fluctuating around 30 degrees Celsius for over ten days with the temperature soaring up to 32 degrees Celsius for some time.
Anthony who is still capable of earning runs will be able to finish his baseballer career in a flourishing manner if he even has a chance to raise the winning trophy in Houston.
Son Seok-hi, a JTBC anchorman, caught attention when he visited the mortuary of late Rep. Noh Hoi-chan, floor leader of the Justice Party. He had previously delivered his last message he had remarked when he had been alive.
Son Seok-hi, a JTBC anchorman, delivered an anchor briefing, in which he lamented for late Rep. Noh Hoi-chan, with a title of 'Democracy of the Bitterly Sad' broadcast in 'News Room' of JTBC on 24th.
Ryu Hyun-jin, who was put on the DL due to a groin injury on May 4th, is expected to tread the pitcher's plate in about three months. 
It raised criticism that it was a kind of so-called 'poverty porno' which just highlighted 'a shocking image' to attract attention without considering the human rights of children.
Cheongju City, North Chungcheong Province, announced  on 25th that 'Hyeongdo Auto Camp(As seen in the picture)' which was constructed in the area near Geum-gang River, Jungcheog-ri, Hyeondo-myeon, Seowon-gu would open on 10th next month.
Saddle Dam D, part of the Xe-Pian Xe-Namnoy hydroelectric power project which has been constructed in Attapeu, southeast of Laos, by SK Construction, collapsed on the night of 23rd.
The special law to improve the atmospheric environment of metropolitan area forced the sale of A3 by Audi at substantial reduction with the law regulating that 'eco-friendly vehicles must be sold at an annual rate of more than 9.5%.'
This law, which was designed to improve the atmospheric quality in the metropolitan area, set a relation that a car manufacturer which produces more than 4,500 vehicles in a year must sell eco-friendly vehicles such as pure electric cars, hybrid cars, and clean cars with lower pollution more in a certain proportion.
The Office of Education, South Jeolla Province, announced that an extraordinary educational activity, 'Trans Siberia Debate Train School of South Jeolla Province' would start the visit to cities in China, Russia, and Mongolia for 17 days until 10th of next month after it has a ceremony at the Office of Education on 25th.
Students who are divided into 15 classes with eight in each class will carry out various activities with their teacher assigned to each class: Writing I-brand books, visiting the remains of independence movement against Japan, and planning road maps for career and higher education with celebrities.
Extraordinary activities include planting wild flowers around the monument to honor An Jung-geun cutting his little finger, setting up a sign to who the remains of Lee Sang-seol, and doing some other activities in different places.
The students, who finished their ceremony received a hearth send-off from their parents and education office staff, left the education office and boarded a ship bound for Dandong, China, at the Incheon International Ferry Terminal on that day.
They are scheduled to come to Korea on 10th of next month by way of #집안# and Yanji, China, Ussurysk, Vladivostok, and Irjutsk, Russia, and finally Ulan Bator and Terelj, Mongolia.
According to this, the goal to reduce is to maintain 536,000,000t, 37% in comparison with BAU, but the amount of domestic reduction increased from current 219,000,000t to 277,000,000t.
What is different from the past is that without the use of mobile phone applications only voices can be used to control fans, lock doors, to control emergency lamps and horns remotely. 
This area is stiffly sloped, and the residents have constantly requested to set up a space for children to play at as there is no playground nearby.
Chongro-gu Office thus decided to set up a playground last year, gathered opinions from the residents by holding four times of public meetings for explanation, and planned a playground through consultation meetings with experts.
Chongro-gu Office formed an urban eco-park by planting about ten kinds of wild flowers on vacant land near the playground, making it an ecological playground where butterflies and insects habitat.
In addition, the office formed a playground where the disabled and the non-disabled get along together by setting up some play facilities such as slides, jump-logs, and a hill-climbing.
The major spots where inspection was conducted lie to 67km from Paju Publication City to Jangnam-gyo Bridge by way of Bangujeong including four courses of Paju Pyeonghwa Nuri-gil(6 ~ 9 courses), and 100 species, 327 genera and 575 families of plants were found. 
22 rare plants, including honeymoons and rat droplets, 13 staple plants, including hives and lice, and 10 species in red lists (the list of endangered and threatened wild animals compiled by the International Union for Conservation of Nature) were included.
A total population of 9,7981 in 79 species, 56 genera, and 14 families of birds were found in the DMZ, also known as 'the heaven for birds' including nine kinds of natural monuments such as greater painted snipes, white-naped cranes, and common kestrels.
Some factors of demand increase such as temperature increase caused by global warming and the increase of electricity use by air conditioners in summer caused by the relaxed progressive payment system were not properly considered in the 8th  basic plan for electricity supply which was confirmed late last year.
This figure is just for standard demand, and on the contrary the target demand, which was estimated to occur practically through the implementation of demand management, was set to by far lower 86,100,000kW.
The target demand already exceeded more than 6,4000,000kW in the first year when the plan was in effect, and it can be said that the forecast of demand of the 8th plan had been poorly formed.
The reason why the government plans to operate nuclear power plants, whose costs are the lowest among power plants, during the period  of high demand in summer as much as possible is that the government wishes not only to secure safe demand but to lower SMP in the electricity market.
Robert Stebbins, a Harvard professor and expert of climate change, who designed the emission trading system, admitted in a forum for carbon markets held in Korea recently  that the target to lower greenhouse gases could not be feasible without the expansion of nuclear power plants.
Climate change can be effectively coped with by the expansion of solar power generation in rural areas as rice is reportedly excessively produced of late and by the increase of offshore wind turbines.
The inside of the market which is surrounded by arcades has little wind, and is hot enough for people to wipe the falling sweat over and over.
Jongdari, a small size typhoon, is expected to penetrated right through the main land of Japan on 29th, arrive at the sea 350km east of Dokdo Island on the following day, and to disappear.
The 10th typhoon AMPIL, which had formed in the eastern sea of the Philippines prior to this died off near Chingtao by way of Shanghai on the morning of 24th.
The coach scolds a player who comes back in low spirits for defense after missing a shoot and a player who fails to keep his designated move by 'calling him names.'
Lee So-young, a senior, created a wall painting in which an airplane flies in the air after several days of hard work in which she participated amid scorching heat with a subject of 'a brilliant and splendid airport and airplanes along with fifteen students from the fine arts department and 40 members of 'Geuruteogi,' a club in the social service center.
The students from the Department of Fine Arts, Honam University, drew paintings on the staircases at Nongseong-dong and wall paintings at Pyeongdong Station at the request of KT&G and Pyeongdong Residents Center before.
Oh Seung-hwan is recording pitches in 48 games as a middle relief pitcher of the Toronto Blue Jays with four wins, three losses, two saves, and 13 holds with an ERA of 2.68 in this season.
Jeong Bong-ju, a former assemblyman, who had denigrated Pressian for 'fake news' which had reported his alleged sexual molestation before his declaration to run for the mayor of Seoul last March, was charged by the prosecution office for a charge of slander eventually in four months. 
Pressian reported an article on March 7th that 'Former assemblyman Jeong molested A, a prospective reporter, on December 23, 2011' prior to this lawsuit.
Namusub(Wooden) Playground, a space for play and learning which consists of a grand log cabin, a suspension bridge, a cylindrical tunnel, movable stairs, a single-log bridge, and a slide, is operated at the World Martial Art Park.
The association and the soccer clubs are negotiating the time for overseas Korean players to be withdrawn under the circumstances where only Na Sang-ho and Hwang Eui-jo may play in the group round of the Asian Games.
Firefighters are carrying out rescue activities for survivors at the site swept by fire, and at the same time recovering the bodies of victims.
According to a study conducted by Atlas, a geological study group, the causes were not identified in more than 65% of fires that had occurred in Athens and Attica region including nearby resort areas from 1991 to 2004.
Ten million people reportedly left their houses for escape already, four hundred thousands went abroad as refugees.
As refugees flow into Europe across the Mediterranean, risking their lives, some European countries are struggling with the issues of refugees.
Hafez al-Assad became the president of Syria after a coup in 1971, and the al-Assad regime has been still maintained since 2000 when his son succeeded the presidency.
The spread and propaganda of cruel video clips through digital media plagued the western world with fear and at the same time revealed the justice and orthodoxy of the global Jihad movement by offering vicarious pleasure to Muslims who are oppressed and alienated.
The rebel army, which did not rally properly and lacked a leadership, was incapable of expelling IS from the first, and the government army of Assad regime backed by Russia, the militias of the Kurds in norther Syria who wished to have an independent nation, and Iranian trainbands joined their forces and annihilated IS. 
The Syrian civil war began to put an end to the dictator regime of Assad, until it is ending up in the victory of Assad regime, Russia, and Iran.
Suncheon Police Station announced on 26th  that it summoned and investigated Lee Jong-cheol, a former city council member, as an accuser who raised a suspect that Mayor Heo swindled the fund for local newspaper development and misappropriated  it. 
Starbucks plans to oust all plastic straws in the shops shortly before the year end by operating a model shop in which paper straws are used and by introducing lids with which people can drink even without straws.
Amid sweltering heat, children are cooling the heat by playing with water at a stream in Gaekgol, Inje, Gangwon Province on 26th.
Besides, the fine weather with few clouds that can block dazzling sunlight is also considered as a cause of heatwave of higher than 40 degrees Celsius.
The company was selected as 'Number One Company for Jobs' hosted by the Ministry of Employment and Labor through various policies to promote childbirth including a policy to allow female staff with children in elementary schools to have a two month special leave. 
Secretary Jeong had a meeting with the management of Giheung Motors for about 40 minutes, listening to its fringe benefits regarding childbirth, pregnancy, and parenting.
In the meantime, the U.S. suspicion was swelling that China is lowering the value of yuan on purpose recently, but the stimulus package lessened such doubts.
The number of provincial cities, which are feeling to the skin a rapid demographic cliff caused by low childbirth, aging, and the fall of businesses, is on the rise, but the situation in Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province is different.
Despite a situation in which the natural decrease of population is enormous with 943 deaths and 608 new born babies in the first half of the year, it can be said for the population to increase to a great extent.
West Cheongju New Town, constructed on an area of 10.8㎢ around Judeok-eub, Daesowon-myeon, and Jungangtap-myeon, is a self-sufficient composite new city equipped with housing, education, culture, and employment in an even way.
The population of Cheongju had increased at a constant rate since new residents started to move to apartment houses in Jungangtab-myeon inside the town from the late part of last year, until it broke 215,000 residents last month.
Yangpyeong FC of K3 League(the 4th level league) consisting of pure amateurs pulled off a surprise victory over Sangju Sangmu of K League(the 1st level league) in the round of 32, FA Cup.
Though Yangpyeong FC allowed the opponent to score first, they scored an equalizer at 41st minute in the second half, going into extra time. Yangpyeong FC allowed an additional goal in over time, but recorded a dramatic equalizer just before the end of the second half again.
Most of Yangpyeong FC players had dream of representing the nation, but failed to be scouted by professional soccer teams after graduation from high school or withdrawal from middle school.
He missed the All-Star home run race on 13th due to symptoms of pulled muscles, and finally his left thigh muscle injured during a game against the Doosan Bears on 24th.
A doubt is raised that supervisory authority and state-run companies curtailed the faults with the development of overseas resources on purpose following the four river project as additional problems, which had not been found in the audits of ten times, were disclosed.
In case of Black Gold, Canada, the construction expenses skyrocketed from $311,000.000 to $733,000,000 as the contract changed from a cost-plus-fee system to a global budget system.
Japanese soccer, which was inspired by Korea and tried to come up to an equal position, has developed like this over 30 years. 
The fact that star players who were on the zenith of the global stage such as Iniesta and Torres are playing together can inspire and stimulate young players who are seeing them to grow. 
At present, a J League club can hold five foreign players in total: one Asian player, one player from a country which is cooperating with J League such as Thailand and Cambodia, and three from the other countries.
The details including the number of players to be employed in a match and concepts about players are expected to be decided on in accordance with the results of discussion among execution committee.
Every effort is made and subsequent development follows in order not to have soccer seek for fans but have fans seek for soccer.
The sound income and expenses of J League, which is currently facing the 20th anniversary of the implementation of the system to open the management information, is highly rated in European soccer circles.
An agreement of strategic business cooperation was made between J League and La Liga last year, and recently SD Eibar and Tokyo Verdy signed a contract of mutual cooperation including the youth soccer, female soccer, e-sports, and marketing. 
It is said that the gap with Japan cannot be narrowed just by putting ahead the pride of being an Asian rival or venting on historical problems, which should be solved in a political and diplomatic manner, in the ground. 
The man identified by his surname Jo, who is running a sashimi shop in the market,  reported to 119, witnessing the fire after he came downstairs, hearing a dog bark, while sleeping on the second floor.
The Jejudo Audit Committee announced on 27th that a comprehensive auditing is being conducted in regard to the whole situations in which Jeju Culture and Art Foundation proceeded with the purchase of the building owned by 'Jaemisseom,' Jeju branch of Megabox, with an excuse of constructing Jeju Art Platform, a composite space for culture and art in the old town of Jeju City.
The committee is comprised of 13 people, nine of whom are well experienced and educated experts in the field of audit tasks including a lawyer, an architect, a tax accountant, an NGO staff, and a professor and four are government officials.
LeBron James signed a contract of $154,000,000 for four years with Lakers last 2nd(Korean Time), leaving for the Western Conference for the first time since his NBA debut in 2003.
The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries announced on 27th that Korea was re-elected to be board country of major investors(Group B) for deep-sea activities in the general assembly of ISA held in Kingston, Jamaica on 26th(Local Time).
From the position of the Yankees that hold a strong line of  power hitters such as Aaron Judge, Giancarlo Stanton, and Gary Sanchez, it is evaluated that the reinforcement of pitchers is a must as Sonny Gray, with whom the Yankees signed a contract with great expectation this time of last year, is sluggish.
The Yankees traded Aroldis Chapman, a closer with 100 mile fast balls, to the Chicago Cups with a package of players including first class up-and-comer Gleyber Torres in 2016.
Carlos Beltran made a great contribution to the acquisition of a wild card for Houston with a record of 23 homeruns and 0.926 OPS in 90 games since he came to Houston from the Kansas City Royals, a weak team in the Central of NL, where he had debuted in 1998 but had not advanced to a playoff game, even not once.
Atlanta attempted to go on to a playoff by trading up-and-comers such as Elvis Andrews and Jarrod Scott Saltalamacchia with Mark Teixeira, a slugger and first baseman of Texas in 2007. 
Regular programs, shuttle buses, and physical therapy room are not in service except for autonomous programs including swimming pool, restaurant, and performance center during this period of time.
It is a natural water-soluble detergent without toxic chemicals such as fluorescent whitening agents, phosphates, synthetic preservatives, and anti-foaming agents so that even new born infants can use it.
A(34), who has 20,000 subscribers in Youtube, severely criticized 'the national general measures for obesity management' of the health and welfare ministry which includes 'the regulation on 'mukbang.'
The texts, in which Rep. Yoo Seung-min, former co-leader of the Bareun Mirae Party, requested Ahn Jong-beom, former economy chief of the Blue House, for employment, were disclosed, and the explanation of Rep. Yoo which he made public at the time of doubt before the 19th presidential election, is being spotlighted again.
Kyunghyang Shinmun reported in May of last year before the 19th presidential election that it could confirm that Rep. Yoo had requested former economy chief Ahn for at least ten positions for high officials at financial agencies and state-run agencies during 2014 -2015.
Tourists who visit Panmungag at Panmunjeom, Paju, Gyeonggi Province go on a sightseeing trip on 27th which sees the 65th anniversary of the armistice agreement.
The City Management Service of Nam-gu, Ulsan, announced that a dolphin sightseeing ship, which was sailing 17km northeast of Jangsaengpo Harbor, Nam-gu, found herds of common dolphins for the 13th time this year on 27th.
This system was adopted to have citizens participate in administration and to secure transparency instead of what was oriented mainly around existing experts in the course of the promotion of election pledges of the mayor. 
The city held 'a resident jury meeting to evaluate the plans to execute election pledges' at the grand conference room on the 3rd floor of the city council with 60 people participating including resident jury and deputy mayor for administration Heo In-wook on that day.
The city intends to make public the plans to implement the election pledges for the next four years of the 7th civil city administration through the resident jury system, reflect opinions and to rearrange them to be suitable for real situations in 2018.
 Oh Seung-hwan, who signed a contract for up to 7.5 million dollars for one plus one year with the Toronto Blue Jays last February, has been recording good results of a 2.68 ERA with four wins, three losses, two saves, and 13 holds in 47 innings in 48 games as a relief pitcher in this season.
The Colorado Rockies are ranked in 3rd 1.5 games behind the LA Dodgers, the leader in the West Division of the National League with 54 wins and 47 losses as of today.
Though Carter lost the elasticity he used to have, he still crashes a dunk shoot with the ball flipped between his legs in the air during his practice.
As Carter and Nowitzki prolong their life as players, the attention to Manu Ginobili(41), another NBA player in his 40's, is growing bigger.
In this region, 4,999,000 chickens died in 2013 and 3,771,000 in 2016, and the damage of W5,300,000,000 and W5,000,000,000 occurred respectively.
For this reason, the Fishery Resource Research Center plans to form an on-site task force team to cope with high water temperature, check the dissolved oxygen of fish farms, and offer on-site guides on skills to manage farms and breeding density in preparation for high water temperature.
As you see from the original meaning of #장난作亂#, the word #장난# was used for negative meaning as in a phrase, 'the one who plays(#장난#) with food should be punished.' And its use has broadened to 'playing of children' and 'doing something for killing time' over time.
Mr. Yoon, who was brought up by parents who took it for granted that they 'use something sparingly and again,' experienced confusion with his values in his college years.
The police took on a probe as three women beat a colleague living in the same condominium to death. 
The Community Chest of Seoul and the assistance by Yangcheon-gu allowed Yangcheon Social Welfare Center for Senior Citizens (the head of which is Han Seung-ho) to run off 'Rainbow Solution,' an excellent program of social welfare, for four months from April to July.
Buckling is a phenomenon in which a beam swells due to temperature increase and the compressional loading makes it inflates abruptly sideways.
In addition, as part of intensified safety education for engine drivers, when the temperature goes up higher than 33 degrees Celsius, a captain aboard the train together makes thorough quard when the trains passes a section requiring careful driving, and thrives to maintain an appropriate temperature by checking the temperature of passenger cabins frequently.
The possibility of a huge contract for Josh Donaldson, the Toronto Blue Jays, who has enjoyed a reputation as the best third baseman of MLB for the last three years, is getting unlikely as his performance is not satisfactory in this season just prior to his FA season.
He just hit five home runs with a low hitting average of 0.234 in 36 games in this season, and his performance was not satisfactory even when he was in the filed.
You will be able to avoid a disaster by smearing the blood of a little lamb on the gatepost on Passover and confessing "My family do not depend on their gods."
Nazareth where Jesus was born, Bethsaida where the first disciples Philip, Andrew, and Peter came, and Cana where Jesus performed his first miracle of making wine from water, are all in Galilee.
It will be misty over the mountains in Gangwon until morning, and some inland will be foggy too. So drivers should pay careful attention to traffic safety.
It was reported that Kiarre Curtis(26) and her five children were killed due to smoke inhalation, failing to get out of the fire site.
This motel along inter-state highway I-95 about 160km from Chicago is known to be occupied mainly by residents with low income.
The Colorado Rockies cleared out the 25-man roster prior to a game against the Auckland Athletics in the 2018 MLB regular games held in Coors Field, Denver, Colorado on 29th(Seoul Time).
The Colorado Rockies sent left-handed relief pitcher Sam Howard to the minor league, and had Oh Seung-hwan they scouted through a trade join the 25-man roster.
Oh Seung-hwan, who had played for the Toronto Blue Jays in this season, settled newly at the Colorado Rockies 
Yang Hee-young(PNS Changho) widened a chance of her first win in this season as she shared the leading the third round of the Aberdeen Standard Investments Ladies Scottish Open of the LPGA tour. 
Yang Hee-young shot a 2 over 73  with three birdies and five bogeys in the third round of the tournament held at Gullane Golf Club( Par 71 - 6,489 yards) in East Lothian, Scotland on 29th(Seoul Time).
She was swayed in the back nine with three bogeys until the 17th hole, but she closed the round in a sweet mood when she made a birdie on the last 18th hole(par 4).
Indonesia is becoming the biggest new target to invite tourists from South East Asian countries as it is expected that the outbound tourists of Indonesia will exceed more than ten million people this year.
Cheonan, Boryeong, and Hongseong notify the tourism resources and festivals each city holds, and introduce Muslim-friendly restaurants in consideration that 90% of Indonesian population is Muslims.
Oh Seung-hwan completed his mission by recording nil run, one hit, and one base on balls for one inning in the game against the Auckland Athletics of MLB.
He looked around the area of Paldang-ho Lake boarding a patrol boat in person after he requested the staff of the Water Resources Service to take efficient control of the contaminants of Paldang-ho Lake.  
A tropical night is a phenomenon in which the temperature from six in the evening to nine in the morning on the following day does not drop below 25 degrees Celsius.
When a fan is used for long hours, particularly for sleeping, it is appropriate to set the weakest wind.
With Barcelona seizing a chance of victory, Oliveira added another goal with a strong shoot with his right foot after a pass from Rafinha at 28th minute in the first half.
Son Heung-min made a hit-back goal with a swift school as the ball shot by Christian Eriksen was rolling after deflecting from the body of the defender at 27th minute in the second half. 
Shin Tae-yong, former coach of the national soccer team, valued the potential Lee Seung-woo had and the fact that his pace was raised high in the later part of the season.
The match was far more meaningful as it was held as the last rehearsal prior to the second round of Copa Italy, the first official match of the 2018 - 2019 season slated for 5th of the next month.
Son Heung-min scored a follow-up goal at 28th of the second half in the match against FC Barcelona in the 2018 International Champions Cup held at Roseball Stadium, Pasadena, California on 29th(Seoul Time).
Son Heung-min wedged the goal post after kicking a ball which was reflected by the goal keeper when his team was led by 0-2 at 28th in the second half.
A device such as a mobile phone that should be carried all the time must be small and can be used for long hours without being connected to an electrical outlet.
For example, when a smartphone manufacturer intends to buy a 16GB memory, the company considers a product which is the smallest in size with less power consumption.
According to D-Ram Exchange, a market survey company, the average contract price for DDR4 8Gb(2133㎒) increased to $8.19 in late June of this year from $6.81 in July of the last year.
China declared an ambitious plan that the self-supply rate for major parts and basic materials would be escalated to 40% by 2020 and up to 70% by 2025 in the 2015 publication of 'the Chinese Manufacture 2025.'
It can be said that China will have no choice but to buy Korean products as long as Korean manufacturers keep producing premium products which Chinese companies cannot manufacture even if China wants to lift the self-supply rate of semi-conductors up to 70% by 2025.
The market capitalization of this index comprised of major health care stocks such as Celtrion and Samsung Biologics has shrunk from 1.58 trillion won to 1.37 trillion won after constant fall for six weeks.
Hana Finance & Investments surveyed the staff working in operation departments for prospective stock prices in August, announcing that only 9% of the respondents picked pharmaceutical and bio stocks as such.
It is also analyzed that the finding of new income sources faces the limit in addition to the influence of the governmental policies to reduce telecommunication expenses such as the expansion of the discount range of options.
Monitoring of a        advertisements sponsored by campaigners is unusual, and it has put the brakes on the so-called "poverty pornography," which has been under controversy over human rights violations by portraying poverty or pain excessively provocative.
A woman identified by A, who suffers from a disease that spreads dead skin cells all over her body, takes a bath every day and puts on medicine and moisturizer, but suffers from pain that seems to burn.
In small letters on the website of the aid group, the ad says, 'The day-to-day fund primarily  used for the treatment and support of Miss A, and the addition is provided to children in difficult situations like her.'
Before not buying a smartphone, a parent is bothered a child, and the parent regrets seeing the child who can't get out of a smartphone.
In regard to the types of dwellings that people want to live in in the future, 35.3 percent (145) of regular apartments and 34.5 percent (142) of residential facilities(the houses where they are living at present) were found to be similar.
In addition to the guiding features, you can take a commemorative photo with a built-in camera and send it by e-mail, and dance together by waving it from side to side with exciting music.
Dealers are working at KEB Hana Bank's trading room in central Seoul on the morning of 30th, when the KOSPI and KOSDAQ indexes posted early declines.
The Jangryeongsan Natural Recreation Forest in Ogcheon County, North Chungcheong Province, is crowded with vacationers who want to enjoy their vacation in nature to escape the scorching heat in the afternoon on 27th.
While major companies in Ulsan are on full-fledged summer vacation, a notice is posted in the morning on 30th in front of a hospital in the eastern city of Ulsan, where Hyundai Heavy Industries' headquarters is located.
Wookilgi, the Rising Sun Flag, is a symbol of the sun spreading around the sun pattern of the Japanese flag, which has recently been used as a design for various products such as clothing.
The system was introduced in 2010 as an investment inducement measure as large-scale businesses showed no progress in promoting their businesses due to the global financial crisis after the launch of the international free city.
The measures eventually led to the suspension of construction work of businesses at the resort facilities, including Rock In Jeju, Health Care Town, and Musucheonan resorts, as it put pressure on capital flows from its parent company in China.
Smilegate Megaet held a media showcase for its mobile turn system RPG "Epic Seven" at the Glad Yeouido Hotel in Yeouido, Seoul, on 30th and held an event to celebrate it.
A parent, identified only by his surname B, was found to have made a copy of the test in the form of a so-called "jokbo -- a set of core learning materials" of four sheets of A4 paper and handed it to his son.
The government will endeavor to improve income distribution by expanding support for low-income households, including the expansion of the EITC, streamlining the real estate tax system, preventing offshore tax evasion and overhauling tax exemptions.
Five days after a woman in her 30s went missing on a tour to Jeju Island, the maritime police search the water to find the missing 38-year-old man, identified only by her surname Choi, at Sehwa Port in Sehwa-ri, Gujwa-eup, Jeju City, in the afternoon on 30th.
The woman surnamed Choi went missing after buying goods at a convenience store near Sehwa Port at 11:05 p.m. on 25th, and no one knows her whereabouts.
U.S. began reviewing military options to protect oil shipments in the Middle East after Yemeni rebels which are backed by Iran recently attacked a Saudi Arabian oil tanker in the Red Sea.
The leaders of the two countries exchanged harsh words, and Iranian President Hassan Rowhani strongly implied a possibility to blockade of the Strait of Hormuz, the main channel for oil shipments in the Middle East.
In the meantime, pro-Iran rebels attacked two Saudi oil tankers in the Strait of Bab al-Mandab, another oil pipeline.
Shinil Group made and sold a virtual currency called SCG (Shinil Gold Coin) as collateral for the gold bullion which had not been found yet, announcing, "The Donscoi is known to contain gold bars worth 150 trillion won."
Oh Seung-hwan (36), who recently moved to the Colorado Rockies from the Toronto Blue Jays, made his first hole since his transfer to the Colorado Rockies on 29th (Seoul Time), giving a sign of a good start.
Oh took the mound in the top of the seventh inning when he took a 4-1 lead against the Oakland Athletics at Coors Field, and held off one hit and one walk without a run in one inning.
The Washington Post reported on 29th(Local time) that the government and local authorities are working on a self-rescue plan to protect children in India, where child rape is rampant.
In the future, CJ ENM will use the "413 Pictures" label as the production label for the globally produced "Fear-Thriller" movie genre, while using the "CJ Entertainment" label as previously used for the films it has produced and distributes at home and abroad.
The typhoon, which was extinguished, is likely to develop into a typhoon again tomorrow, which will cause the daytime temperature in Seoul to soar to 38 degrees Celsius and heat wave to rise again.
Zein Motors, which is leading the electric car business of DIC, which is represented by Kim Sung-moon, has recently expanded its business to the Philippine electric jeepney market and is spurring to secure a market in the early stages of its business.
Zein Motors is reinforcing its position as a leader in electric commercial vehicles, gaining recognition for its technological prowess and merchantability in electric vehicles, not only in Korea but also abroad.
Zein Motors dispatched a team of executives to the Philippines to inspect the preparation of K-WORLD INTERNATONAL TRADING Inc. represented by Karl Ignatius P Young from July 24 to 27.
The plan of Zein Motors to distribute large-scale mass-production of electric jeepneys is expected to include multiple solutions related to the operation of electric jeepneys, such as the production of electric jeepneys suitable for the ecosystem of the Philippine passenger transportation, the introduction of charging facilities, and the fare system of advanced country types.
They are supposed to carry out the first-aid duties, and at the same time, to be equipped with self-defense, evidence collection and arrest equipment such as gas dispensers, a wearable cam and handcuffs, and to control the assault of the drunk and concentrate on emergency activities.
The Jeju provincial government announced on 31st that it would crack down the violation of real-name fishing gear from August to prevent accidents that could occur due to fishing tools abandoned at sea and establish a fishing order.
The real-name fishing gear system has been implemented since 2006 for the safe operation of ships and protection of fishery resources by refraining from excessive use of fishing gear, not abandoning fishing gears at sea or preventing illegal speculation.
When placing a fishing gear in the sea according to the real name fishing gear system, each gear should be accompanied by a buoy (#부자#) or a flagpole indicating its position.
In case of violation, a violator will be subject to the suspension of fishing operations and the suspension of the license of marine officer, respectively, for 20 days (first violation), 30 days (second violation) and 40 days (third violation) respectively, according to the rules on administrative disposition and procedures for the  violation of the Fisheries Relations Act.
Vice Environment Minister Ahn Byung-ok is checking the situation of birds in the Nakdong-gang River and the removal of birds on a boat from the intake area of the Chilseo Aquatics Center in Changwon, South Gyeongsang Province, on 31st.
Ulsan Jungbu Fire Station, the head of which is Lee Seong-tae, held a ceremony to mark the completion of a mini-fire and a visible fire extinguisher at two places, Woojeong Market and Bangu Market, on May 31 to create a fire safety environment.
According to the Coast Guard, Kim went to Gapa-do Island for fishing with three acquaintances living in Jeju City, and went missing after going into the sea to collect shells by himself at around 4 p.m.
A mobile agricultural general hospital began in 2016 to solve on-site difficulties such as medical treatment, repair of agricultural machinery and work-handling, and to realize the social value of sharing and communication.
About 200 people, including medical staff from the Korea Hospital and the Cheongju Hospital of Semyeong University, agricultural experts from the provincial agricultural technology center and the Eumseong County Agricultural Technology Center, and villagers participated in the event.
With a cooling fog set up in Jeonju, North Jeolla Province on 31st, to blow away the heat of citizens and tourists, citizens passing the Hanok Village's Hyanggyo-gil face a cool breeze.
The Cooling Fog in Jeonju's Hanok village runs from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. and pauses for a five-minute break after 30 minutes of operation.
Some speculate that Kakao could also limit the extent of its profit improvement due to increased costs stemming from its investment expansion.
The Bank of Korea announced the average volume of daily foreign exchange transaction by foreign exchange banks reached 57.65 billion dollars in the second quarter, an increase of 550 million dollars(1.0%) from 57.1 billion dollars in the previous quarter.
Many top-class golfers did not participate in the event because the tournament is scheduled between the top-tier golf tournament, the Open and major-class Bridgestone Championship of the World Golf Championship (WGC) series.
Ahn Byung-hoon and Kim Min-hwi tied for the lead with Johnson and Kevin Tway of the U.S. until the third round, raising expectations for their first win, but they failed to break the wall of the world's No. 1.
With the runner-up finish of the day, Ahn's world ranking rose to 40th from 61st last week, while Kim Min-hwi also jumped from 155th to 98th to finish in the top 100.
It was also revealed that the Office of Court Administration requested the Chosun Ilbo to emphasize surveys, columns and symposiums immediately after the proposal of the bill to set up the appeals court, and tried to send the survey money under the cover of newspaper advertisements.
Such information mainly appears in the document "Strategies for Promoting the Court of Appeals through the Chosun Ilbo" written on April 25, 2015.
The Office of Court Administration also planned to publish in a Chosun Ilbo column a review of the introduction of the appeal court before the parliamentary subcommittee on legislation and judiciary in June 2015, when discussions on the appeal court were scheduled, and a on-the-paper symposium hosted by Chosun Ilbo's senior editor with senior members of every field participating in it. 
The survey found that some financial firms did not encrypt their users' personal information even though it was doubtful for it to be collected while talking to chatbots.
Other contents that are dedicated solely to parents have been added: AR Play Platform, where children make their own TV contents, Woongjin Book Club TV, which provides education company Woongjin Thinkbig contents, and 'Pregnancy, Birth, and Childhood Encyclopedia.'
Environmental groups argue that the development project of Yeongjong 2 district is not feasible as it will create housing land, commercial land and industrial facilities by investing 1.09 trillion won in business expenses by 2031.
Already, some sections of the Yeongjongdo Free Economic Zone were lifted from the Free Economic Zone in 2010 and 2014 due to a prolonged delay in development due to a lack of business feasibility.
Incheon has lost many foreshores to the waste land in the Seoul metropolitan area, Incheon International Airport, Yeongjong, Songdo, the creation of a free economic zone in Cheongna and the construction of a dredging landfill so far.
A typical example of Incheon's first encounter between locals and foreigners at Incheon International Airport is the Yeongjongdo foreshore and large clusters of turkeys on top of it.
Ice was placed in places where many people gathered, including a bus stops near Gangneung Station, a terminal and traditional markets, Namdaecheon rest areas and Daehangno.
They appealed to the international community to listen to Iran's voice for religious freedom, saying that in any crackdown, Christians in Iran would not abandon God as they do.
Iranian authorities also approached the families of the two and forced their daughters to return to Islam, threatening that their lives would be at risk.
After intercepting the ball in the middle of the opposing side, Nkudu advanced to the left side of the penalty area with a dribble breakthrough and split the goal of AC Milan with a neat left-footed shot.
Tottenham, which secured a chance of victory, put Son Heung-min and Christian Eriksen in place of lLorente and Lucas at 18th minute to drive in an even stronger way.
The Incheon Economic Office expects the school to open in 2020 at the earliest because it will take about a year to submit a plan to the Education Ministry after a preparation period of about a year to prepare for its establishment and to undergo the procedures for verification and the approval of establishment.
The Ulsan Fire Headquarters issued 'the second stage of response' mobilizing personnel and equipment from more than two fire stations, putting it out completely at around 11:10 a.m.
The operation of the Asian Games by the Olympic Council of Asia is sitting on a hot stove with the opening of the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games less than 20 days away.
The Iraqi U-16 team was caught by the staff at Baghdad Airport on 30th while trying to play in a West Asian Football Federation-hosted tournament in Amman, Jordan with their age mispresented.
South Korea will have to play four matches in the group stage, six days ahead of the opening ceremony of the main competition scheduled on 18th.
With ticket sales already under way at the Asian Games, if lots are drawn again, fans who have purchased tickets will suffer the most.
A total of four people appeared in the video, including a man who said he was Korean and three who expressed they were Filipinos.
Some respond that it is a surprise as a drastic investment has been expected with the club near the range of victory in the Premier League in recent years.
They criticize that Chairman Levi is a 'realist' who is only good at counting figures and has no understanding of the transfer market trend that has continued to inflate of late.
AFP reported earlier that the U-16 team in Iraq was on its way to the West Asian Football Confederation tournament in Amman, Jordan, and that the manipulation of false age by several players were found by airport officials as they were leaving Baghdad airport.
As rumors of the absence of Iraq have been sorted out as a "happening," there will be no change, such as the re-drawing and grouping of soccer matches for the Asian Games.
CNN reported on 31st(Local time) that Facebook removed 32 fake accounts suspected of involvement in November's U.S. midterm elections in an attempt to spread false information and malicious content. 
CNN reported that one of the disclosed pages included planning a march of "NO Unite the Right 2" against the rally slogan "Unite the Right," which sparked controversy over white supremacy in Charlottesville last year.
TriGram Korea represented by Kang Chan-go) announced on 31st that it signed a strategic business partnership with the Korea Small Business Ilbo, the head of which is Yang Jin-ho, at its headquarters to revitalize small businesses.
In the process, NHN Entertainment became a major shareholder of the media group of Wisdom House, the parent company of Justoon, by acquiring old shares and investing in new shares.
The investment will allow Justoon to have the wings of Japan's Comiko, a subsidiary of NHN Entertainment, and to have a chance to translate its quality content into Japanese, Taiwanese, Thai, Indonesian, English and Spanish to serve foreign fans.
Two people, including a driver identified by B, were also injured and treated, and all 15 people are reported to be alive.
From now on, senior citizens aged 75 or older and the disabled will first deduct 200,000 won from their earned income and business income, and then another 30 percent from the remaining amount.
They are also preparing a rotation in which all players, regardless of whether they are starters or substitutes, will play the game.
The association explained that Son would play in the Asian Games, but would not join the friendly A matches due in November and the first and second group matches at the Asian Cup next year.
Jutanugarn is also the first Thai golfer to win the LPGA Tour in May 2016, becoming the heroine who sparked a golf boom in Thailand.
The event, which will be held at the Royal Rideham & St. Anne Golf Links (par 71, 6,360 yards) in the U.K., will feature 19 players, excluding Lexi Thompson (23, U.S.) who ranks fifth, among the top 20 players in the world rankings.
City council members urged the environment minister to apologize for his remarks, resolve the issue of the water reservoir and discuss ways to improve the water quality of the Nakdong-gang River with the heads of five organizations in the Gyeongsang region.
The company's CEO said that all imported light-emitting diode lamps have to be approved by the Indian Standards Association since early this year, and during this procedure they are targeting Chinese products to curb imports since early this year.
Supplies to finished vehicle manufacturers will be forcefully reduced, and if it exports its products directly to the U.S., it will have to go through 'a double torture' situation where it will face tariff barriers.
It is pointed out that while the import car industry is growing relentlessly in the domestic market, it is negligent in providing quality services and protecting consumers.
Though the import car market is growing rapidly like this, imported car makers have always been similar in the way they treat Korean consumers in the face of massive vehicle defects such as recalls.
Global finished carmakers such as Hyundai Motor and GM Korea have expressed strong opposition to the ongoing written review which is in progress for the U.S. government to impose a maximum 25.0 percent tariff on imported cars.
The core of the investigation is whether there were systematic manipulation of public opinion through Internet comments and whether influential ruling party figures, including Governor Kim and Song In-bae, presidential secretary for political affairs, were involved.
The government is making efforts for their safe return in link with the Libyan government, and President Moon Jae-in reportedly dispatched the Cheonghae Unit to the nearby sea.
According to the Foreign Ministry, about 10 armed men stormed into the residence hall for foreigners of a local water management company in the Jabal Hasauuna region in western Libya on 6th and kidnapped one South Korean and three Filipinos working for the company.
It is criticized that the government is likely to undermine the basic purpose of the refugee screening by arbitrarily blocking the screening opportunities, and that it discriminates against the people based on public opinion, such as toughening inspections of narcotics and infectious diseases only on those who apply for refugees.
Park appeared on Cheong Wa Dae's social media network broadcast, 'This is the Blue House at 11:50 p.m.' earlier that day and released an answer to Cheong Wa Dae's petition, which says, "We petition for the abolition of the Refugee Act, the non-visa entry into the country, and the abolition of the refugee application permit and the constitutional amendment in accordance with the issue of Jeju's illegal refugee application."
In the broadcast, Minister Park announced that an applicant for refugee would be required to submit his or her SNS account when applying for refugee status and be subject to drug tests, epidemics and violent crimes.
The groups argued that the government should not only emphasize the swiftness of the identification and screening of refugees, but also try to properly implement the refugee agreement and overcome racism.
These groups first pointed out the possibility of Minister Park's announcement that the authority would not refer some refugee applicants to the formal refugee screening process, which could deprive them of the opportunity to examine themselves without a proper procedure.
These groups criticized the Korean government for violating the U.N.'s Convention on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination and the Convention on the Rights of Freedom, citing the history of the Korean government's demand for the test of AIDS and drugs in the process of extending contracts for foreign English teachers in the past.
The Internet is heating up at the news that a manufacturing plant in Jecheon, North Chungcheong Province, caught fire from a heat wave spontaneously.
Lee Kang-in, who has participated since the training in Switzerland, has played as a regular substitute in the first-tier matches including one against Leicester City FC following Lausanne Spor(Swiss) and PSV Eindhoven (the Netherlands).
Since 2012, Time Education has been introducing PlayFACTO, a material for kindergarten and elementary school mathematics, to the Chinese education market, targeting textbooks and parish distribution channels by the unit of each state as partners.
Amid the process of hearing related to the cancellation of Jin Air's license, stakeholders including Jin Air's staff head to the hearing room at the office of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure & Transport at the Sejong Government Complex in the morning on 2nd.
Research is also underway to prevent secondary traffic accidents on highways in advance by developing a small drone system that can be mounted on a patrol car to automatically take off and land and perform on-site control missions.
90 fish sea cages in the village near the waters off Cheonsuman, where the visit took place on that day, are cultivating 33,460,000 fish including rockfish and mullets.
The damage caused by high temperature in the area amounted to 4,999,000 fish worth 5.3 million won in 2013 and 10,000,000 fish worth 5 billion won in 2016.
An Egyptian, who had been tortured in the prison for converting from Islam to Christianity, became an activist who rescues a persecuted Christian after he dramatically escaped.
Egyptian authorities said they had organized a group seeking national overthrow, officially converted to Christianity and were accused of praising Jesus Christ.
As the gap widened to 5-2 in the final set, where victory and defeat were split, Ferre slumped on the pitch, hit the ground with the racket four times and kicked it.
One of the media outlets reported earlier on the day that a man who was in charge of the cameras in "Thirty, but Seventeen" died at his home on 1st.
The Foreign Ministry explained that armed militiamen broke into the foreign residence of a local water management company in Jabal Hasauuna, western Libya, at around 8 a.m. on 6th, kidnapping one South Korean and three Filipinos and robbing them of their goods.
The city is operating seven water canon vehicles to reduce the temperature of the ground of main roads to which water is sprayed intensively, and plans to expand the installation of canopies designed for the prevention of heat wave from existing 35 places to 135.
65,000 parrot fish died at a fish farm in Hampyeong, South Jeolla Province earlier on the day, and amid the spreading of damage in the western and southern coasts, a warning of high water temperature was issued in the offshore of Pohang, Gyeongju, Yeongdeok, and Uljin of the east coast on the same day. 
No specific damage has been reported until this day, but the tension has been strained as high temperature warnings have been issued and heat waves are forecast to continue for the time being.
A 51-year-old man, who raises and supplies flounders to fish farms in Gangneung, Gangwon Province, complained that 20 to 30 fingerlings die a day because the temperature of the coastal surface has exceeded 27 degrees Celsius since last weekend.
In many orchard farms across the country, phenomena such as the shading and sunburn of fruit surface due to prolonged exposure to sunlight are taking place.
There is no fixed date for when the broadcast will resume or no details have been decided on in regard to the program, and we will let you know as soon as anything is arranged.
Hanmaum Camp, which is held at home and abroad for two nights and three days a year, is a time for not only the disabled and non-disabled staff but also the families of the disabled to look forward to.
KBL Winners, who had played only five to five basketballs on indoor full courts made of wooden floors since childhood, needed time to get used to the three to three basketballs which are played outdoors.
Chung, who coaches them, has served as the coach of the first three-to-three national basketball team, putting South Korea to the quarterfinals in the Asian Cup held in China in April.
It is analyzed that although the smartphone market is partly reduced due to a 1.8% in comparison with that of the same period of the last year, the Chinese company's pursuit functioned as a bigger factor.
In fact, in the ASOS system(official system) in Hyomok-dong, Daegu, the highest temperature was measured at 37.5 degrees Celsius on 1st, but in Sinam-dong, Donggu, where automatic weather observation equipment(AWS, non-official system) was installed, recorded 39.2 degrees Celsius.
Smartphone industries believe that the timing of release of foldable smartphones will depend not only on technical problems but also on usability.
The fact that KOSDAQ shares can be allocated first and that they will receive 10% income tax deductions of up to 30 million won out of their investment served as a factor of attractiveness.
It cited the fact that the bonds of stocks contained in the fund and those actively traded in the market are different, and that the timing of profit has little to do with the stock market due to the nature of investment in venture companies.
For this reason, financial authorities are considering the expansion of 'the acquisition period for more than 15% of new shares' from the existing six months' to 'within one year.'
From the standpoint of consumers, there is no reason to refuse Chinese-made smartphones, as they not only use the same Android operating system with similar hardware specifications, but also cost almost half. 
Victory sang in 10 languages, including Korean, Japanese, Chinese, English, Thai, Arabic, German, French, Spanish and Russian.
Seung-ri made headlines when MBC's "I Live Alone" showed his fluent command of foreign languages, including English and Japanese.
He was taken to the negative pressure room at the Chungnam National University Hospital, a state-designated isolation institution, and conducted a thorough test on 2nd, and fortunately, it tested negative.
The reason is that a woman in her 20s, who was released from quarantine after testing negative, is a nurse which is classified as a high-risk job, and that more than 70 people came in contact with suspected patients in Daejeon.
Amid deepening concerns over a prolonged summer heat wave due to unusually high temperatures, Busan Metro has rolled up their sleeves to lower the temperature of the station building.
A rumor began with a report of a media outlet that the Seoul Eastern District Prosecutors' Office had received a complaint against a celebrity from a famous girl group for a charge of 600 million won fraud.
The Guardian and CNN reported on 2nd (Local time) that a Russian woman suspected of spying was found to have worked at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow for more than 10 years and was fired.
According to an intelligence source, the woman was fired shortly after the approval of use of confidential intelligence was revoked by the State Department in the middle of last year.
The timing coincides with the time when the Russian government expelled a large number of U.S. diplomats as a retaliatory measure against Russia by the Donald Trump administration.
Last month, a Russian intelligence agent in her 20s allegedly attempted to infiltrate conservative U.S. political circles through interest groups such as the National Rifle Association(NRA).
When temperatures rise during the summer, mosquitoes also gain body temperature, boosting metabolism, and as a result, the increase of their growth rate increases thereby leads to the increase of their population.
Apple, which was started by Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak at the warehouse, has been at the heart of IT history around the world for more than half a century.
The difference of points between the two teams is 14, but depending on the winning or losing of this game, the remaining aspects of the league may change.
Yang Seung-jo, governor of South Chungcheong Province, signed an agreement with Kim Ji-chul, superintendent of South Chungcheong Province education office, Lee Jae-yeol, chief of South Chungcheong Provincial Police Agency, and Kwon Byung-yoon, president of the Korea Transportation Safety Authority, at the provincial government office on 3rd to make South Chungcheong Province safer from traffic accidents and happier.
Under the agreement, the four agencies will make joint efforts to establish an advanced transportation culture through the enhancement of the traffic culture index, and establish a system of mutual support for equipment, personnel and materials to prevent traffic accidents.
The U.N. Security Council adopted Resolution 2375 against North Korea in September last year and bans new work permits from being issued to North Korean workers.
Resolution 2371, adopted in August, bans new joint ventures with North Korea and also stipulates that additional new investments are prohibited even in the case of existing joint ventures.
The city will also reinforce facilities such as canopies and Mongolian tents under which citizens can avoid the heat at its first Majung-gil family water playground.
The city had been currently spraying water on major roads in Jeonju Hanok Village, including Taejo-ro, Eunhaeng-ro and Hyanggyo-gil, but decided to deploy small-sized water splay cars to the alley as the heat wave continued.
The city of Jeonju operates 12 heat rest areas and 14 shade screens in Hanok Village, giving tourists a cool and clean feeling through the "Cooling Fog Fan."
Amid the spread of crop damage due to the heat wave, crops are burning in the fields of Gancheok Village in Gandong-myeon, Hwacheon-gun, Gangwon Province in the afternoon on 3rd.
An imported car store employee offered a refund for the price equivalent to a new car, but Hwang Hyun-min, who was already very angry, refused to accept it.
Ryu Hyung-jin, who felt a great pain inside his left thigh while pitching on May 3 (Seoul Time), is set to return to the mound after three months of rehabilitation.
The Jeju provincial government announced on Monday that 10,203 people (91 victims and 11,12 bereaved families) had reported their deaths as of the end of July in an additional report on the victims and their families, which continue from January to the end of the year.
Built in the Spanish Baroque style, the theater represents Buenos Aires, where plays and dances have been performed without cease since its opening.
Local media including Clarin reported on 2nd(Local time) an unidentified creature that attacked a village in the state of La Rioja was captured in the middle of a livestock attack.
CYI was finally acquired a certification as a venture company on August 1 after being evaluated for technicality, innovation, financial soundness and growth potential.
The North Chungcheong Provincial Office of Education announced on 5th that it would install a seat-checking bell to check whether students get off or not on all buses, including public and private kindergartens, elementary schools and special schools in the province.
Rental vehicles for school buses will be asked by the association of chartered buses in North Chungcheong Province to cooperate in setting up safety devices for students, including safety bells
The seat confirmation bell system activates warning tones and light bulbs if the driver does not press the bell in the back seat after turning off the engine.
Sturridge quickly penetrated and finished it at 28th minute, when a ball shot by Dibok Origi hit the goalkeeper and reflected.
Sturridge played his part despite concerns that he could lose his sense of play due to injury, raising fans' expectations.
Reports say the glacier in Sweden's highest peak, Mount Kebnekaisen, has melted several centimeters a day during the summer and is disappearing.
The organization had planned to fly two drones carrying explosives toward Maduro's presidency, but claimed soldiers shot them down before reaching the target point.
Twenty-nine people were killed in the fire at the building on December 21 last year, including 18 women who were in a bathhouse on the second floor.
The fire was completely extinguished at around 2:10 p.m. after burning part of three plants and one adjacent to them and causing damage worth an estimated 500 million won by the fire department, according to the Ulsan Municipal Fire Department.
Fire officials who were trying to put out the fire had great difficulty in extinguishing the fire because of the heavy smoke caused by the burning of the thermos which were believed to be of the Styrofoam family.
The police announced that even the vehicle that caught fire on 4th had been found to be fine after receiving an emergency safety diagnosis at a BMW service center on 1st, three days earlier.
In other words, the government should rush to introduce the two systems that most of advanced countries equip with to stop them from deceiving consumers and continuing such behaviors of escaping a punishment.
Sales of Santa Fe stood at 2,957 units in January and 4,141 units in February this year, but the company has sold around 10,000 units every month with 13,076 units in March, 11,837 in April, 16,68 in May, 9,074 in June and 9,893 in July.
The Internet media outlet Buzzfeed said that Putin proposed that Sigall be named an honorary ambassador to improve bilateral relations even during the days of then U.S. President Barack Obama.
AP reported that three NATO soldiers were killed in a suicide bombing in eastern Afghanistan on 5th(Local time).
Earlier in late June, a senior Taliban official met with Alice Wells, senior U.S. assistant secretary of state for South and Central Asia, in a highly secretive meeting in Qatar.
Though the Japan Football Association decided to use the case of coach Halil Hodgich, who failed to communicate with players, as a lesson to learn from, and to select a Japanese or ' a coach who  understands Japan as much as a Japanese' far before the World Cup, it is difficult for a coach to hang on to his post without the support of performance, good results.
Oh Seung-hwan pitched relief in the bottom of the 11th inning to secure his team's 5-4 lead and save the game in an away game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Miller Park in Wisconsin in the evening on 5th. 
Oh Seung-hwan, who took the mound with a single-point, a thin ice lead in the 11th inning of extra time, allowed leadoff hitter Travis Shaw to get on base after getting a hit.
Colorado took the lead with a home run by Nolan Arenado in the top of the 11th inning of the previous extra time, and ended a four-game losing streak on Oh's save.
The training is free of charge and any businesses located in Busan can participate in it by downloading the application from the bulletin for comprehensive information in the homepage of the Busan Economic Promotion Institute, filling it out, and applying by e-mail(trade@bepa.kr) or fax (051-600-1801).
Korean exporters are also taking a short step toward tapping overseas markets using the FTA, but small and medium-sized companies relatively underutilized it compared to large companies.
Marking its fifth anniversary this year, the K-Hospital Fair will consist of B2B exhibitions, special exhibitions and seminars involving medical industry workers, including the heads of hospitals, doctors, nurses, purchasing and logistics team leaders, IT information team leaders, facility facilities team leaders and manufacturers and distributors of the medical industry.
Under a grand subject called "Patient Safety and Medical Quality" organized by the Korea Medical Institute, the change in accreditation standards for acute-care hospitals in the third cycle, measurement of patient safety culture, and the return of patient safety report system and patient safety information are covered.
Suspicions have been raised that there is 'a trading group' that has been making illicit gains by manipulating the prices of certain cryptocurrency on the cryptocurrency exchange.
This is an 'old-fashioned' price manipulation method that is also used in stock markets and others, and it takes place by giving individual investors a buy sign and deceiving them through 'pumping rooms' or cryptocurrency investment communities after the purchase is completed at a low price.
The cryptocurrency, which had barely traded for an hour, saw its market surge more than 50 percent as trading volume surged after the 'pumping' began.
The WSJ explains that such price rigging has exploded since the 'coin craze' erupted late last year.
In fact, the cryptocurrency currency 'Civic,' which was newly listed in January on the local bourse Gofax, also fell to just 1,500 won in an hour after being listed at 1.8 million won.
Passengers to and from Seoul and Gangneung suffered major inconveniences from early Monday as the floor of the waiting room at KTX Gangneung Station was flooded.
The rainfall until 7 a.m. is 208.9mm in Sokcho, 178.5mm in Gangneung, 172.0mm in Goseong County, 155.0mm in Sokcho, 107.0mm in Yangyang, 102.0mm in Gangneung and 34mm in Daegwallyeong.
Even now, perhaps another A in many parts of the country is giving up soccer without blooming his skills and dreams.
Korean high school football is centered on fostering a minority elite, but ironically, the birth of a star, or elite, of high school football has virtually disappeared.
It is beyond capability in reality that students who only aim to play soccer keep up with their academic progress, and the policy got stuck in between. 
At the youth level, the difference in even one year of age is considerable in the bone structure and muscle structure, and thus, a third-year player is selected first in order to produce an immediate result.
The championship tournament was actually considered to be a competition to determine the best high school soccer team, but the association held the two tournaments together from 2012 until last year because of the overlapping meaning of the high school league's Wangjungwang Competition, which started in 2009.
Japan's National High School Baseball Championship, which will determine the strongest team in Japanese high school baseball, also known as Koshien, opened its 100th game at Hanshin Koshien Stadium in Nishinomiyashi, Hyogo Prefecture on 5th.
In this period of 'Koshien,' public broadcaster NHK broadcast most of the games live, and most of the major daily sports pages are filled with news.
The reason why people are crazy about Japanese high school baseball is not simply because of the 'results' that only the winning team and star players can be found, but because of a drama that exists in the tournament.
The '1st National Conference on Teachers and Instructors' Questioning System,' which will be held at the COEX conference room in Samseong-dong, Seoul, from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. on August 14, will cover the Korean language section.
Starting with the Korean language section this year, Etoos Education will later expand to all areas of the CSAT to hold a conference on questions every year.
As the Ministry of National Defense confirmed and notified the payment of the compensation for the deaths of six soldiers who died in the Second Battle of Yeonpyeong on 2nd, the ministry will pay additional compensation to the bereaved families of those who died in the Second Battle of Yeonpyeong with reasonable respect.
Heavy rains of 93mm per hour caused a series of rain damage, including inundation of buildings and roads, early on the morning of the day in Gangneung.
Shabath is located in famous discount stores such as Homeplus, Lotte Mart, and Modern House, and can be easily met through SNS, general malls and open markets.
The Jeju Special Self-Governing Province holds an emergency price committee meeting attended by officials from related agencies, including the National Agricultural and Fisheries Cooperatives, to check the supply and demand trends and the price of agricultural and livestock products subsequent to the heat wave and drought.
Suncheon City announced that it shipped about 60 tons of its staple agricultural and fisheries products from Suncheon City on 6th for promotional activities planned at six Zion Markets (LA, Atlanta, and San Diego) in September.
The shipment includes 60 tons in 40 items including Kimchi, banchan items, salted fish, paste and sauce items, other sauce items, barley rice cakes, yakgwa cakes, nurungji, seaweed and dried fish from Suncheon NongHyup Namdo Food, Maeil Food, Nakan Jeontong Food, Ssangji-ddle Food, Sea Star, Gyeongdeok Agriculture & Fisheries, which are valued at $230,000.
The U.S. promotion of Suncheon's agricultural and fishery products will be held simultaneously from September 6-9 at six Zion markets in Los Angeles, Atlanta and San Diego.
Suncheon City achieved 55% of this year's target of 10 billion won as it posted 5.5 billion won in exports by exporting 2,500 tons of local agricultural products as of last month.
The Jeju provincial government announced on 5th that it would establish and implement "Guidelines for Operation of the Safety Certification System for Farming and Fishing Villages" in earnest in order to create a safe and clean environment for private housing and enhance its competitiveness.
For this reason, Iran rushed to have five of the 20 planes it had signed before delivered from French-Italian aircraft joint venture ATR on 5th, just before the resumption of sanctions.
Israeli media reported on 6th that U.S. President Trump and Iranian President Hassan Rowhani could meet at the U.N. General Assembly in New York next month.
The index, which started higher Friday on news of a bullish New York stock market, turned downward in the aftermath of a sharp drop in Chinese stocks on news of China's imposition of retaliatory tariffs.
Hana Tour closed at 69,500 won on the main KOSPI market, up 0.29% from the previous trading day, but both stocks fell about 30% compared with early June two months earlier.
About 1,200 foreign tourists and locals flocked to the beach to get out of the island, but evacuation operations are slow due to a lack of ships.
The Korea Meteorological Administration forecast that temperature will rise again later this week in the east coast where heat wave was subdued with a shower and heat wave and tropical nights  will continue for more than ten days. 
Former Presidents Chun Doo-hwan and Roh Tae-woo were sentenced to life imprisonment and 12 years in prison, respectively on charges of treason in 1996, and were granted special pardons in December 1997.
The solution in question is an integrated system of system of order management, transport management, and logistics management with WMS centered on, and the development and operational experience of land logistics and warehouse logistics system by Hyundai Logistics, which specializes in delivery and 3PL, were reflected on the basis of the fourth industrial revolution technology.
The solution allows users to use WCS and integrated links of the company's own development without limitations in languages including Korean, English and Chinese.
In the meantime, Hyundai Movex is an affiliate of Hyundai Group, specializing in IT consulting, building and operating services in various industrial sectors such as manufacturing, finance, land and marine logistics.
In May, Hyundai U&I., an information technology affiliate in Hyundai Group, changed its name to Movex in subsequence to Hyundai Movex's merger.
Hyundai Movex is considered one of the leading domestic companies in automatic warehouse engineering and facilities, and has an advantage in integrating with WCS(WAREHOUSE CONTROL SYSTEM).
Rumors of discord with key players such as Ethan Azar and Willian have not ceased, while Diego Costa (Atletico Madrid) and David Lewis already clashed publicly.
With the reports from major foreign media such as France's LeQuiff and Spain's Asse, Tottenham have contacted seven players so far since the early morning of the previous day.
Jack Grillish(23, Aston Villa) and Marcelo Brozovic(27, Inter Milan) and Tanguy Ndombele(23, Olimpique Lyon) are the midfielders who have dominant control of the center field.
It is based on the judgment that the key midfielder Musa Dembelle(32) is likely to be transferred and rising star Harry Winks(23) has stopped his growth due to frequent injuries.
It remains to be seen whether Tottenham, which made bold investment on the transfer market at the last minute, will be able to challenge itself to win the trophy again this season
All calls for new deal promoted by public corporations will be able to apply through planning step with local community and after implemented, the operation system will be established to help residents stand on their own foot
From now on, the complex of ancient tomb in Guam-dong will be under reconstruction with  47 billion won of budget by 2027 and it is based on the comprehensive maintenance plan for the complex of Ancient Tomb in Guam-dong and Palgosanseong Fortress in 2016.
Chungnam National University held a memorial service at the lobby of Jeong Shimhwa International Cultural Center and at Lee's grave located in Chu-dong, Dong-gu, Daejeon, in the morning on 7th.
The day after when it was revealed that the bird habitat was destroyed, environmental groups tied rope around the site with warning of "the habitat for little tern."
In order to avoid people playing beach volleyball, hundreds of small terns had to leave their nest without their babies that needed to be cared.
Oh Seung-hwan showed his amazing pitching with 1 striking out in 1 inning at the game against the Pittsburgh Pirates in the U.S. Major League Baseball at Coors Field in Denver, Colorado, on 7th.(Korea time).
Oh Seung-hwan caught lead-off hitter Adam Braiser with a fly ball nearly 150 kilometers per hour, and struck out the next batter, Cory Dickerson.
Oh Seung-hwan who has played two home games since the transfer, managed the game in a stable manner, not giving up points in two innings with his signature fastball.
Edgar Degas is a French impressionist artist, and more than 100 paintings, photographs and sculptures spanning more than 30 years in the Degas industry, including "The Bellelli Family," "At Cafe," "Young Ballerina" and "Star" was supposed to be introduced.
In case of Financial incentives for the World Cup finals, they will be paid according to their contributions from octofinals, but this time they were eliminated from the group stage and distributed evenly.
The financial reward for advancing to the World Cup was given to the players who participated in 10 preliminary stages and divided into four categories according to players' contribution :  80 million won, 60 million won, 40 million won and 30 million won, respectively.
A resident found the man(A) who passed out on the stairs of the 15th floor in the apartment building in Seosan, Chungcheongnam-do, and reported him to fire authorities at around 4:30 p.m. on 27th.
The government plans to conduct investigations on income and property twice a year, housing surveys once a year and check regularly if households commit fraud or not.
The Stonic gasoline 1.0 turbo model is equipped with 1.0 T-GDI gasoline engine and seven-speed dual-clutch transmission(DCT), providing power performance of 120 horsepower(PS) and maximum torque of 17.5 kgf.m.
It is the busiest time of the year, but the heat wave has been raging day and night, reducing the number of visitors.
In Ulsan, tropical nights, in which minimum overnight temperature do not fall below 25 degrees, were continued for 10 days from last month 20-29, and recently, hot nights have been still going on .
Before the heat wave, there was a line of customers to have chicken skewers or beef sushi every night, but the number of visitors have been dropped significantly since the middle of last month, when the heat wave warning took effect.
Suam Korean Beef night Market, operated at Suam Market in nam-gu of Ulsan, was popular last year with 3,660 daily visitors, but it has been closed since early last month as the heat wave began in earnest.
The "Moonlight Barbeque Street" at Wolbong Market in Hwajeong-dong, Dong-gu, Ulsan, was also closed from 27th of last month to 17th of this month as the heat wave was in full swing and customers stopped coming.
Among the suspects, there were one arrested for attacking a military base in Valencia in August last year and another caught by police for participating in an anti-government protest in 2014.
The explosive called "Composite 4" is military plastic explosives and often used to destroy critical facilities. 
Some opposition officials were said to have claimed that Maduro's administration is exploiting the incident to hide Venezuela's serious economic crisis.
All players including this season's LPGA winners Ariya Jutanugarn(23), Moriya Jutanugarn(24), Tidapa Suwanapura(26) and even Ponanong Patrum(29) made a strong impression as they did their best until the last round for the trophy.
Phatlum tool the second place with a total of 15-under 273, hitting 2-under 70 in the fourth round of British Women's Open at Royal Lytham & St. Annes Golf Club(par 72, 6,585 yards) in Lancashire, England. 
Although he came from behind to lose by two strokes to Georgia Hall(22, England), who recorded a 5-under 67 in the fourth round, she competed and share the lead with the hall until the 15th hole .
Jutanugarn won the Kingsmill Championship for the first time in May and then topped in the U.S. Women's Open, one of major events in June.
Besides Ariya Jutanugarn, her older sister Moriya Jutanugarn won the Hugel-JTBC LA Open in April, while Suwanapura got the Marathon Classic title last month.
Even Phatlum showed impressive performance in major competitions, proving that Thai players have relatively outstanding talents.  
The International Crown is a biannual women's golf national competition, and this year eight countries from South Korea, the United States, Japan, Britain, Australia, Thailand, Sweden and Taiwan will participate.
Oh Seung-hwan(photo) has recorded his first save since he transferred in the match over the Milwaukee Brewers in the U.S. Major League Baseball(MLB) at Miller Park in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on the 6th(Korea time).
Even if the problem is the absence of an overwhelming ace, but Colorado is the team in which all of the best players of the time, including Daryl Kyle and Mike Hampton failed. 
Mnet's audition program "Produce 48" unveiled the top 30 trainees on Naver's official channel in the morning of the 7th.
Although there was heavy rain in the Yeongdong region and inland areas, experts predicted that only "worst" heat wave has passed but high temperature will still remain for a while.
The National Emergency Management Agency said on 6th that the "partial amendment of Fire Prevention Basic act," which calls for mandatory installation of parking areas exclusively for fire engines, will take effect on the 10th.
It features the changes of more than 20 different facial expressions, including crying, smile and anger in real time depending on the situation in a fairy tale.
Boston's momentum this season is so strong that it achieved sweep against the Yankees, which recently strengthened by top pitchers such as closer Jack Britton.
It is different from the expectations that there would be fierce competitions because Yankees acquired last year's home run king Giancaro Stanton from the Miami Marlins, 
Looking at the team's face, striker Kim Hyo-ki played for FC Anyang in the K-League until last season, while Cho Young-chul made just two appearances for Ulsan Hyundai last season.
Defender Yoo Ji-hoon played for Seoul E-Land, the seventh-ranked team in the second division and defender Park Ji-soo, who has been in his fourth year since professional debut, could play in the first division this season for the first time.
This is because it provides high satisfaction by using some of the profits on social contribution activities or voluntary supports for underprivileged people, making consumers feel that their consumption is more valuable and helpful to society.
If it is difficult to deal with the situation even among adults with developmental disabilities, we can still establish more equal environment where subtle discrimination exists, such as rejection for day care center, a small social welfare facility for the disabled.
As we can see above, the Korean-Japanese actress quit her career after being caught appearing on the show in a dishonest way, not because of her relationship with me.
They should have checked about the money the actress took from me and made a comment on this because there are still disputes on it between us but nothing was mentioned about that.   
The contents of the PD Notebook aired in yesterday are not true, and even though they did not guarantee any actual right to refute or argue against it, all these parts were hidden and only argument of the other party was on the air like it is only truth. 
This seems to be just an attempt to avoid the responsibility of malicious biased broadcasting, accusing Kim Ki-duk and me of being shameless after Kim Ki-duk filed a suit against the previous broadcast.
Since the surgery method does not incise the neck area, patients are more satisfied with the surgery because it has less adhesion and does not leave scars on the neck that is easily exposed.
The BBC reported that a group of people who had been treated to dinner at the funeral hall were taken to a hospital early morning of 7th, complaining of stomach pains of San Jose de Ushua in Ayacuchu region of southern Peru.
Youth committee is part of civic communication administration and aims at collecting diverse opinions during major policy decisions by appointing the youth generation as members of various committees in Chungju.
With youth committee members, the city plans to find new faces that have not appeared in public, such as parents, sports leaders, office workers and youth organizations.
In addition, the city municipalities will strengthen the representativeness of the youth generation in order to ensure the balanced operation of various committees and the effectiveness of policies, and they also will introduce a quota system for young members at all committees to foster next-generation regional leaders.
Due to long drought for years, tortoise-like cracks of the ground can be seen in the riverbed beneath the Si-o-se-pol Bridge, which runs across the Zayandeh-Rood River in Isfahan, Iran on July 10. 
British soccer magazine Popotu reported on 8th(Korean time) that Lopetegui praised Vale after beating Serie A's AS Roma.
Manager Lopetegui, who has been asked numerous times whether he could fill Ronaldo's vacancy, emphasized "one team" after winning.
The move is based on the judgment that the government urgently needs to nurture new industries, including Internet-only banks, and dismantle the structure of monopolies in the financial sector, despite concerns over banks becoming private safe for conglomerates.
Some point out that the plan is a setback from the presidential election pledge to abide by the principle of separation of financial and industrial capital. 
Expectations grew as Samsung asked for deregulation in the bio industry during the meeting between Samsung Electronics Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong and the minister of Strategy and Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon yesterday.
The price was reduced early in the stock market as China showed its willingness to keep its trade war against the U.S. to the end, but turned up again as foreigners pushed up the index.
As the protests continued, Bangladesh's the ministry of Justice tried to appease protesters, saying it is considering applying the death penalty to bus drivers who caused the protests.
If a foreign oil importer from Iran pays for a certain account, the exporter of goods to Iran takes money out of that account.
Even after the surprising announcement, Musk explained if the company is switched  to an unlisted company, it would free itself from the "quarterly profit cycle," and remove the opportunity of short selling that may put the company in danger, according to the U.S. Financial Times.
Some analysts say the reason Tesla suddenly mentioned delisting was due to its recent conflicts with investors over its poor performances.
Although the sales of its ambitious work 'model 3' also increased by about 43% compared to the same period of last year, its profitability was questioned due to high production costs.
Jeju Island maintain its position that road expansion is inevitable for smooth transportation of tourists and transportation of agricultural and fisheries products, but environmental groups denounce the destruction of the forest and demand to halt the construction
According to the Jeju Environmental Movement Union and others, Jeju Island began road expansion of 2.9-kilometer section through Bijarim-road to the entrance of Geumbaek-jo from the intersection of Daecheon-dong in Songdang-ri, Gujwa-eup, Jeju City on last 2th.
About 100 cedar trees are being cut down a day due to the construction, and a total of 2,400 cedar trees will be removed from the section due to logging work that will continue for the next six months.
In its first industry joint negotiation conducted in April, the financial union earlier proposed 53 itemized list, including the reduction of working hours, improvement of the retirement age and wage peak system, and the introduction of labor board system.
If the saints donate used items to the Goodwill store, the company will donate new products to provide more options to the customers
In general, there are no serious problems in the "attention" phase with water reserve rate of 70 percent or more and in the "watch" phase with 60 percent or more, but water supply measures are needed if the water reserve rate is below the "warning" stage with the rate of 50 percent to 60 percent.
Jeollabuk-do(58.2 percent), Gyeonggi-do(57.6 percent), and Chungcheongnam-do(54.2 percent) are on warning stage, while Jeollanam-do(48.2 percent) are on a "serious" stage, whose rate is less than 50 percent.
Hongseong-gun, Chungcheongnam-do, decided to supply water to western coastal areas as early as the day of 9th as Hongseong Lake's salinity hit 898 ppm, lower than the standard level of 1,280 ppm.
It is noteworthy that if investments successfully bear fruits, the company will be able to get three things: strengthening Samsung's competitiveness, co-prosperity with small and medium-sized companies and revitalizing the economy.
The investment is not irrelevant with surprising visit of Vice-Chairman Lee to EUV(Extreme Ultraviolet Light Equipment) development line that will determine the success or failure of next-generation semiconductor competition.
It is expected that efforts to secure new technologies in semiconductor field will be accelerated as about 60 trillion won a year would be invested for the next three years.
Some expect that if the government removes regulations and Samsung increases its investment, tangible outcome could be made in the near future.
The government will dispatch Baek Joo-hyun, a former ambassador to Kazakhstan, as the special envoy of the foreign ministry to resolve the kidnapping of South Koreans in Libya.
on 1st, Libya's leading media "218 News" posted a video on Facebook showing those seen as captives asking for help.
we also know many rich people who fled to Japan from the front sea of Busan during the Korean War.
He walked Gregory Polanco with four balls but got Francisco Cervelli to fly out to center field with a fly ball of 146km/h .
Oh Seung Hwan showed three straight curves to the last batter, Adam Frazier, and threw 146 km/h fly ball in the left field.
Oh Seung Hwan has recorded 14⅔ innings in 15 games in a row including the match against New York Yankeess when he belonged to the Toronto Blue Jays on last month 7th.
Officials at Ulsan Maritime Police Station are sealing off the holes caused by flooding in 120 ton tugboat that passed off the coast in Ulju-gun, Ulsan at the night of 8th.
Ulsan-si announced on the 9th that it would hold the 17th Ulsan Ultra Rally Contest at the former Park Golf Club in Taichua River, with Ulsan Mountain Bicycle Federation(CEO Bae Jung-won) and 1,000 riders participated from across the country.
Stock price of Netmarble fell as "Blade & Soul Revolution," one of the most anticipated for upcoming release, is expected to be serviced later than scheduled.
Though it regained its status after the lawsuit, the city decided to close the liquidation of the investment union by the end of September in accordance with recommendations from the department of SMEs and Venture, so the legal dispute is expected to come over future responsibility.
Joylong(九龍) signed an investment agreement with Gwangju in March 2016 and decided to invest 250 billion won by 2020 to set up the complete car plant with annual production capacity of 100,000 units.
In order to do, only other municipalities such as Seoul, Incheon and Gyeonggi-do have been rushing to negotiate subsidies this year, raising doubts about the sincerity of the investments of Gwangju.
the city audit committee was scheduled to review whether to provide 30 million won of subsidies for each mini electric bus(E6), which Joylong asked for selling electric cars to Gwangju in last May.
The city has proposed the pre-conditions for subsidies to JoyLong such as  establishment of three service centers, maximum 5% of vehicle price change limit set at 150 million won per unit, and the establishment of sufficient charging infrastructures. 
In contrast, Joylong has delayed the investment because it wants to start selling in Korea first and set up a factory based on consumer responses and marketability.
Fire authorities have issued the first stage of response and are mobilizing 19 fire equipments and about 50 workers to extinguish the fire, but are reportedly having difficulties due to the high number of combustible materials.
The seminar was hosted by Yoon Kyung-dae, secretary-general of the Kaesong Hospital Promotion Committee, where Kim Jin-hyang, chairman of the Kaesong Industrial Zone Support Foundation, gave a keynote lecture on the topic of "the need to reopen the Kaesong Industrial Complex and ways to promote inter-Korean exchanges and cooperation."
Busan's Vice mayor Yoo Jae-soo , Vice Chairman of Busan City Council Kim Jin-hong, Vice President of Busan Chamber of Commerce Lee Kap-joon and the Democratic Party's Chun Jae-soo(Bukgu/Gangseo-gap) showed keen interest in the need to restart the Kaesong Industrial Complex and Busan City's role on the issue.
It comes as Suncheon-si is to make joint responses and establish mutual cooperation with the Material Research Institute regarding "the development of magnesium industry in Suncheon."
Suncheon City's 'Magnesium Material Parts Promotion Project' received positive reviews from the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy's Location Review Committee and has asked the Ministry of Science, Technology, Information and Communication for preliminary feasibility test.
The Jeju City government announced on 9th that it will hold a "Dodoo oraemul Festival" featuring cool spring water flowing down from Mountain Halla at the oraemul Plaza and Dodu Port from July 10 to 12.
Other programs such as walking along the Mural Road in Dodu Village, Oraemul singing contest across the country, and water floor ball competition, which will be the first of its kind this year, are included for visitors. 
Under the agreement, the city and each agency will hold regular consultation meetings and set up working-level committees to discuss joint issues, including civil petitions in areas near military units and support projects to support military officers.
Under the agreement, it will invest 290 billion won in 43 reservoirs in the province by 2020 to install 162.5 MW water solar power facilities.
Daejeon Mayor Huh Tae-jung held an on-site inspection meeting to create a new baseball stadium called "Baseball Dream Park" with Park Yong-gap, chief of the Jung-gu Office, and Kim Shin-yeon, CEO of Hanwha Eagles at Hanwha Life Insurance Park in Bajeon, Daejeon.
Mayor Huh and participants toured Eagles Park and Hanbat Sports Complex, where  "baseball Dream Park," is scheduled to be built and discussed plans to create a new baseball stadium and the future operation.
With the heat wave continued, Cheonan-si, Chungcheongnam-do used sprinkler trucks that were used to respond for violent rallies with the help of the Chungcheongnam-do Police Agency.
The first squad of the South Chungnam provincial Police Agency is pouring water on the road near Shinbang-dong in the dongnam-gu of Cheonan to ease the heat island phenomenon.
The city will begin process to build a baseball stadium this year, complete government feasibility study next year and aim to complete the project by 2024.
The Jeju municipalities announced on 9th that it will announce its final conclusion soon after reviewing the need for road expansion, the long-cherished project of local residents in Gujwa and Seongsan-eup, as well as the environmental impact on the surrounding cedar forest.
The project for 2.9-kilometer-road section, which runs from the Daecheon-dong intersection in Jocheon-eup, Jeju City to the entrance to Geumbaekjo-ro, was launched on July 2 to help ease the  traffic jam in the eastern part of Jeju.
When the construction is completed in 2022 with a total cost of 20.7 billion won, the section, which is currently the second lane, will be expanded to a four-lane road.
The suyeong-gu district expects that a total budget of 337.2 million won and 300,000 won per person will be needed if school-sponsored purchases in various school uniform purchase methods conducted the Busan Metropolitan Office of Education is selected and the maximum limit is applied.
Even though Woods has won four PGA Championship titles, what is important for him is adapting to the course because it is his first time on the Bellevance Course in St. Louis, Missouri, where the tournament will be held.
The Australian A-League's Central Coast Mariners announced on its official website on 7th that they will be with Bolt for team training.
In response, China also decided to impose retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods at the same size and tariff rates in one day.
25 percent tariff will be imposed to U.S.oil, steel products, automobiles and medical equipments by China's Ministry of Commerce. 
China imposed additional retaliatory tariff of $34 billion on U.S. imports after the U.S. imposed an additional 25 percent tariff on Chinese imports on 6th.
The world keeps an eye to North Korean Foreign Minister Ri Yong-ho's surprise visit to Iran on 7th, when U.S. sanctions against Iran resumed.
The foreign minister returned home after meeting Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif on 7th, the President Hassan Rowhani and parliamentary speaker Ali Larijani on 8th.
Ulsan-si announced on the 8th that it will hold Genome Expo 2018 at the Ulsan Institute of Science and Technology(UNIST) on the 31st and the September 1st with the UNIST Genome Industry Technology Center and Ulsan Information Industry Promotion Agency.
In the 'drone delivery pilot operation in the mountainous area' conducted by the Korea Post, the drone transported a 5-kilogram package from the Yeongwol Post Office to Byeolmaro Observatory in seven minutes.
The government also plans to raise wages and incentives for dispatched workers to prevent discrimination considering the fact that more than half of the number of environmental hygienist workers are employed by consignors.
Kim Jang-ro, the 24th president of the National Federation of Fisheries Cooperatives, is from Namhae, Gyeongsangnam Province, graduated from the fisheries management department of Kyungnam Commercial High School and Pukyong National University and he completed the top maritime policy course at Seoul National University.
The reorganization of the Cyber Command not only aims to eliminate the possibility of military's political intervention, but also to strengthen its response to cyberattacks by outside forces.
Regarding online opinion-rigging activities, Cyber command early established and operated Internet media from 2012 to April 2014 and classified and reported IDs criticizing the government.
Four Korean athletes, an average age of 15.5, is dreaming of its first medal of the competition bearing the Korean national flag on their chest.
The men's national team, composed of Eun Joo-won(17), Yoo Ji-woong(14) and Choi Yoo-jin(17), and Han Jae-jin(14) practiced a lot in spite of the hot weather at 35 degrees Celsius.
Time is approaching for the people to be moved by the colorful gestures and passion of teenage national team players who have dedicated their sweat and tears in this barren land of skateboard.
The skateboarding matches at the upcoming Asian Games will be divided into preliminary matches and finals at JSC Sports Roller skate Stadium in Palembang from 28th and 29th.
Skateboarding sectors are making it a long-term task to expand the base and nurture competitive players for the competition.
The quick arrest and indictment of opposition lawmakers was unanimously approved by the Constitutional Council, which was criticized for being composed of rigged elections last year, to strip the two lawmakers of their immunity from arrest.
In the case of emergency reduction measures, local governments also have the grounds and duties to take active measures, such as limiting the operation of cars and changing and adjusting the operating hours of facilities..
Under the prime minister, the government will provide support by setting up special task force under the prime minister, whose members are related ministries and civilian experts, and a fine dust improvement planning team as a working-level organization.
Depending on the characteristics and interests of government ministries and local governments, it may not be easy to draw a cooperative conclusion quickly.
Huge efforts should be made to ensure the effects of detailed enforcement ordinances and other regulations before implementation.
Salvador Ayende administration fell by Augusto Pinochet's regime in the military coup in 1973 and his his supporters were caught and tortured.
As of 4 a.m., 86.5 millimeters of rain can be witnessed in Jangnam-myeon, Yeoncheon-gun and 57.5 millimeters in Daegu, 55.2 millimeters in Yeongwol and 52.0 millimeters in Jeokseong.
The city of Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province, said on 10th that it will recruit participants in forest prenatal programs with forest experts for pregnant women and couples between the 16th and 32nd weeks of pregnancy in the old roads of Sangdang Sanseong Fortress.
The program will run on weekdays class(Sept. 10 - Sept. 17), second consecutive participation process, and weekend class on Oct. 20 where couples can participate together.
According to the Korea Highway Corporation, 4.75 million units of traffic volume are expected on Saturday(11st) and 3.78 million on Sunday(12nd), 510,000 vehicles are expected to leave the Seoul metropolitan area on 11st and 430,000 vehicles are expected to enter the metropolitan area on 12nd.
Since the investment is received in virtual currency such as bitcoin and Ethereum, not in cash, anyone in the world can invest in it regardless of where they are.
CY running "Hanpan," a smart drug promotion mall for excellent herbal medicine, announced on the 10th that the company will actively promote herbal medicine  with manufacturers and disclose evaluation information of herbal medicine to front-line oriental medicine clinics.
To address such distrust, the Chinese edition has been evaluating the validity, origin, accuracy of production sites, quality of manufacturing process transparency, price competitiveness, and reliability of companies with a history of nonconformities through its own evaluation system.
CY's "Hanpan" plans to include oriental medical doctors who purchase Chinese medicine in its own advisory group for evaluation of herbal medicine, and to actively reflect them when evaluating them.
The company hopes that if it finds and introduces leading herbal medicine manufacturers that have consistently produced high quality Chinese medicines with the release of information from their own assessment, it will pave the way for both herbal medicine manufacturers and oriental medicine clinics to coexist and develop further.
The leading herbal medicine manufacturers were also confident in quality, but due to limitations in capital and sales, it was difficult for them to appeal to oriental medical doctors.
there will be criticism growing that the South Korean government may have left the forged certificates of origin on purpose while the South Korean government has been unable to identify the origin of the North Korea's coal-fired ships and companies for 10 months.
‘Shining reach’ with 5119 of hard coal from Kholmsk arrived at East Sea port and delivered the coal to Korea South-East Power Co.Ltd.
the "golf emperor" Tiger Woods(33) who might  comeback this season, wrapped up his first day with even par in the 100th PGA Championship .
Woods got off to a shaky start in the first round of the tournament at bellerive Country Club in St. Louis, Missouri, on 10th(Korea time), but soon steadily recorded an even-par 70.
It is like a  religious exhibition, coexisting more than 50 percent of Muslims, including suni and Shia and other various religions.
During that period, from 150,000 to 230,000 people were killed and 1 million were injured, a quarter of the population, and 350,000 people were displaced.
The certificate of origin of 5,119 tons of anthracite brought into Korea from Russia's Holmsk port was supposed to have been issued by the Kuzvas Chamber of Commerce in Russia, but the documents could not be found on the Russian Federal Chamber of Commerce's verification site.
Oh pitched in the top of the eighth inning in a home game against the Los Angeles Dodgers in the U.S. Major League Baseball at Coors Field in Denver, Colorado, on Thursday (Korea time), and allowed two hits, one homer, one walk and two strikeouts in 2⁄3 innings.
The company plans to add seven types (three of 1,000 ml, two of 2,900 ml, and two of 3,700 ml) to the existing 12 sets of stainless steel (two of 2,000 ml, 1,750 ml, 650 ml, 400 ml, and 320 ml each) for a total of 19 products at 179,000 won.
North Korea has been found to deceive the country of origin as coal exports became impossible under U.N. Security Council Resolution 2371, which took effect in August last year,
Ulsan municipalities said on 10th that the "2018 12th Ulsan Grand Park Rose Festival" held in May was analyzed to have been a significant help to revitalize the economy in the surrounding areas.
The city commissioned an agency specializing in big data to analyze the effects of the Rose Festival in order to identify changes in market size and visitor characteristics caused by the festival.
As the investigation drags on, all illegally imported North Korean coal has been used in the final consumption base, and it has become impossible to take proper follow-up measures, such as confiscation.
For example, the North Korean ship 'Unbong-2', which left the port of Daean on Aug. 12 last year, transshipped coal at Russia's Kholmsk port, and 4,156 tons of them were shipped to Sky Angel and entered the port of Incheon on Oct. 2 last year.
The Korea Customs Service said that some of the companies changed their names at all as customs authorities inspect thoroughly imports of Russian-made anthracite (oval briquettes)
They reportedly tried to collect profits from the sale and import of North Korean coal, whose prices have fallen due to the ban.
If North Korean goods are brought in without the approval of the minister of unification, violation of the law on inter-Korean exchanges and cooperation can also be charged, but the Korea Customs Service made a conclusion that they were not authorized to investigate and handed it over to the prosecution.
The clothes dryer can completely dry clothes within one to two hours by putting in wet laundry from the washing machine, so you don't have to hang out the laundry and walk under the scorching sun.
The clothing management machine helps you manage your clothes in a clean condition without having to iron them in the heat.
Food waste disposers dry and pulverize food waste such as leftover and fruit peels, relieving concerns about germs and odors.
The AP News reported on the 8th(local time) that the U.S. is likely to have the first Muslim representative in the country's midterm elections.
The British government has blamed Russia for the poisoning attempt after Novichok was found in two men's bodies, which have been developed by the former Soviet Union.
After months of investigation, the British government identified two Russian citizens who had apply Novichok on the front porch of Scripal and asked the Russian government to extradite them.
From 2022, the city plans to spend public finance 700 billion won and private investment 800 billion won into gas fields in the East Sea, installing 50 offshore wind machines of 5㎿ class and building offshore wind power plant and offshore farms below.
The project is a key pledge of Ulsan Mayor Song Chul-ho, elected in the seventh popular vote, and aims to utilize Ulsan's shipbuilding and marine plant industry base to grow the floating offshore wind industry into the second shipbuilding industry.
At the '4th annual meeting of ministers and governors for innovative growth' held in Sejong City yesterday, Mayor Song suggested that Ulsan be designated and nurtured as a "collateralized wind industry cluster" that can develop and manufacture wind power generation facilities(such as turbines and buoyants).
Analysts say that although China imposed "retaliatory tariff" on the U.S. yesterday, it had no direct impact on the local and Chinese stock markets as it had been anticipated.
The delay in the release of Netmarble games such as "Blade & Soul Revolution,"  expected to come this year, also affected the decline in stock prices.
Earlier on 9th, Governor Kim was summoned by special prosecutor Huh Ik-bum in connection with the alleged 'manipulation of Druking comments.'
Women wear sleeveless dress made of fabric like dragonfly-wing, T-shirts without sleeve, and short shorts.
There is no particular reason whether it is worn thin to cool or to compete for exposure, but it is not vulgar but fresh.
I can't tell if it's to cover the sun or to create a good look, but it's also something you may never use in your daily life.
Having lived my whole life thinking I shouldn't wear shoes without socks, I wear sneakers barefoot these days.
I am sure that I don’t go to work not knowing why I have to live, but now I do what I want, what I can do well.
Rainfall areas will experience temporary drop in temperatures, but temperatures will rise again after shower, raising the discomfort index and continuing to heat up.
it is getting more important because the Korean Peninsula may experience more heat wave or heavy rains that cool off depending on the course of Yagi. 
A former Thai Buddhist monk who enjoyed luxury life like buying a private plane with donations he received from his followers was sentenced to 114 years in prison.
Wirapol drew attention when a video of him holding a bundle of money on his private jet was released on YouTube, calling him a "Jet Monk."
The believers sued Wirapol for fraud, saying he received large donation and used it for private purposes, even though he promised that he would build a temple made of jade and gold.
While living in the U.S., Wirapol was deported from the U.S. at the request of the Department of Special Investigation of the Thai Police in July last year and is currently serving a prison term after being stripped of his Buddhist position.
In fact, a fire broke out in a BMW 320d car running at the entrance of a tunnel at the Anyang-Sungnam Expressway in Anyang, Gyeonggi Province, at 8:45 a.m. On the 9수 and was turned off by a firefighter dispatched. 
Lawyer Jang Chun, who appeared on an entertainment show of cable channel and become famous to the public, hinted at a tough response to the allegations of "He is the lawyer who attempted sexual assault."
Lawyer Chang Chun shared Dispatch's report in a posting, suggesting a tough response to netizens who spread false information.
According to the Korea Meteorological Administration, Yagi will gradually proceed westward and land near Shanghai before entering inland area of China.
At 3 a.m., Yagi turned west at 22 kilometers per hour in the sea about 240 kilometers southwest of Okinawa, Japan.
The life safety unit of the 119 Safety Center in Hwajeong was dispatched at 9:55 a.m. after receiving a call that "an otter is roaming around" and safely captured the otter under the parking vehicle with a net in about 40 minutes before handing it over to the Western Office.
The Hwajeong 119 Safety Center estimates that otters have come down as the shower yesterday caused overflow of Gwangju creek and inundation of Yangdong Market.
Andes flamingos are a rare species living in the Andes Mountains Plateau in South America, including Bolivia and Peru and some of their features are pink fur, long yellow legs and black-edged beaks.
"SpoAny," a fitness brand from Kaidi Sports(CEO Kim Kyung-duk), has signed a contract for an official education certification institution with the American Association of Sports Medicine(ACSM) accredited training institute Wellness Academy(CEO Son Jin-hong) for the first time in Korea.
In accordance with officials, some drug addicts having conflicts with Center workers wielded knives and other materials such as bricks and they even stirred up other addicts into collective action. 
Addicts at the center were treated in so-called "cold-turkey" way, where they stopped taking drugs at once without alternative drugs.
As of the 10th, public and private nonprofit corporations and organizations, social enterprises, cooperatives and village companies, whose main offices are located in Daejeon are included on delegated agency list. 
The period of consignment operation is three years from January next year to December 2021, and the city will support labor and operating expenses during the period of consignment.
Son heung min played in the game against Newcastle at 8:30 p.m. on the 11st(Korea time) at St. James's Park of Newcastle and it was his 100th stage in the first round of the 2018/2019 English Premier League(EPL).
Most of the players, including Harry Kane, Dele Alli and Christian Eriksen, have all been worked with coach Mauricio Pochettino from the start.
As well as Kane and Ali, Eric Dier, Danny Rose and Kieran Trippier all played as key members of the English national team and led the team to the semifinals.
Since manager Pochettino is the person who succeeded the team's generational change, the aging of the team is not something to worry about yet.
As Pochettino said, one might think that in Tottenham, which doesn't spend much money on players, keeping existing players would have been sufficiently successful in the transfer market. 
In the opening game against Newcastle of 2018-2019 season English Premier League on 11th(local time),Tottenham made simple starting formation that anyone can expect.
When they faced Newcastle in the 37th round last season, eight players, including Kane, Ali, Eriksen, Musa Sissoko, Davinson Sanchez, Ben Davis, Jan Vertonghen and Hugo Lloris, were still present at the opening.
Pochettino's tactics and Tottenham's strategy, which focuses on Kane, will slowly reveal its problems as there is no change and collapse.
Pochettino has to fill the gap with his tactical skills and young players newly added to first division from reserve team.
It remains to be seen what effect Tottenham's "ZERO signings" will bring amid the annual transfer market trends of European football.
Hwang, head of the Dong-gu Office in Daejeon said, that they will establish a culture and tourism department this time to find out where tourists can spend their money in 16 districts, make a map of tourism resources, and plan a festival where locals and tourists can mingle."
It is reported that a Korean engineer Kim Jae-hyun infiltrated in Mika 3-129 to rescue Major general Dean and others near Daejeon Station, which was occupied by North Korea.
One of the engineers who survived with injuries died a few years ago, which happened to be July 19.
Hwang, head of Daejeon's Donggu Office, said  that they will further study the cultural resources of only Dong-gu of Daejeon has and will develop tourism resources based on humanities and establish this region as special tourist zones through cultural heritage, just as the starting point of the railway of Eurasia."
I met Choi who tried to read the Bible in accurate Korean at her home in Yongsan-gu, Seoul on 9th.
This was the answer returned when I asked her to pick a passage from the Bible having in her heart all the time.
Although there are not many high-priced imported male shoes brands, the reason why Korean brand shoes are loved is apparently because men place importance on how comfortable they are.
In June last year, Soda also released "Black Edition"(pictured below), which are produced 100% in Italy, and will introduce luxury shoes for this fall and winter.
Semi-Formal-style shoes are shoes that look neat but look casual by changing the material or color, which is apparently located on the border between shoes and comfortable shoes
The Korea Meteorological Administration predicted that the typhoon is expected to move towards China- North Korea border, which will cause the rain and lowered temperature in the western region.
Silicon multi-lap(CU3) is a product that can be reused when storing leftover ingredients or food after cooking and can reduce the use of disposable plastic warp.
It is the first time that the Korean CLI has fallen for 15 consecutive months since it fell for 20 consecutive months during the IMF financial crisis from September of 1999 to April of 2001.
In addition, many predict that semiconductor business, which has led exports of Korea alone, will peak this year and start to decline.
the BBC reported on 12th that when a group of Chinese tourists took a picture of a hippopotamus at Lake Naivasha in Kenya's Rift Valley, one person was killed and the other was seriously injured.
The man, who had been on the run after fled to Pyeongtaek, was reported to have dropped by Boryeong-si on 10th three days after the crime.
Chungju Mayor Cho Kil-hyung, Cho Joong-geun of the Chungju City Council and Jung Yong-hak of the Chungju City Council joined the Ice Bucket Challenge to help patients with Lou Gehrig's disease by pouring ice water on their body at the square of Chungju City Hall in the afternoon of the 13th.
The Ice Bucket Challenge began in June 2014 by one person putting ice water on his or her head in order to bring the attention to amyotrophic lateral sclerosis(Lou Gehrig's disease) and raise money for charity.
A body believed to be a firefighter who went missing during a rescue operation down the Han River was found on the 13th, two days after the incident.
According to fire and rescue authorities, rescue workers found the body believed to be one of two firefighters who went missing the previous day near Gimpo Bridge in Gimpo, Gyeonggi Province, at around 2 p.m.
In particular, the city plans to actively collect opinions from citizens who use city buses as well as the national design team and reflect them in the development process.
The city plans to test-install the new model and analyze its effects for two to three months before applying it to the replacement of covered platform next year.
They say that the government systematically sat on the sidelines or covered up the issue of North Korean coal, even though it can easily confirm the forgery on paper.
According to Citizens' Coalition for Safe Life, water-based membrane is foamed fire extinguishing agent containing fluoride surfactant, a type of PFOS and is used to during large-scale fire or oil fire suppression, which is difficult to extinguish with ordinary water.
Cho Chang-ik, the chairman of the Korean Teachers and Educational Workers' Union who had staged hunger strike earlier, showed signs of exhaustion on the 11th, the 27th day of the hunger strike, and was taken to a hospital so leaders of the union will continue the hunger strike on behalf of Cho.
About the illegal union of the Korean Teachers and Educational Workers' Union,  The Employment and Labor Administration Reform Committee (KRTC) recommended the Ministry of Employment and Labor to cancel it with its authority or delete Article 9-2 of the Labor Union Act, the basis for notification.
The report is based on an online survey of 1,000 individual pension holders aged 18-54 and 500 unregistered individuals conducted from May 11-17.
Yang Hak-seon has yet to succeed in Yang 2 in the FIG-certified competition, and if Kim Han-sol succeeds in the technology at a big international competition, the skill will be listed as Kim Han-sol's.
Ryu Hyun Jin, who suffered a ruptured adductor in his left thigh, has successfully made two recent minor league rehab appearances.
He lost two hits in four innings at the single A Lake Elsinoer Storm (under the San Diego Padres) on Thursday, while striking out three strikeouts and five hits in five innings against Triple-A Leno Aces (under the Arizona Diamondbacks) on Saturday.
With the government and the National Assembly's move to ease regulations on banking-commerce separation(restricting industrial capital's ownership of banks), it seems that Internet-only bank is launched .
After special law on easing banking-commerce separation can be passed by the interim National Assembly this month, a new Internet bank could be launched by the end of this year if the Financial Services Commission begins to review the approval of Internet banks in earnest.
They did not take part in the first approval of the Internet bank in 2015, but they are taking an active step as the mood for easing the regulations on banking-commerce separation. 
Three years ago, Interpark sought to establish "I-Bank" with 14 other companies, including SK Telecom, NHN Entertainment, Industrial Bank of Korea, Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance and GS Home Shopping, but it ended up in failure.
if most of fees are exempted, like what existing Internet banks Kakao Bank and K-Bank do now, bigger costs and small profit structure can be stuck.
For this reason, experts stress that creating innovative financial services while differentiating itself from existing commercial banks will determine the success of Internet banks.
Hyundai Oilbank plans to increase production of high-value-added products such as gasoline, diesel and aviation oil by using DAO as raw materials for advanced facilities.
the positive results was possible because they tried to make efforts to narrow differences between labor and management after a consultative body of labor and experts was formed in September last year.
Temperatures may be lower during the shower, but after the rain has stopped, temperatures will rise again and the discomfort index will be high.
Local media including British daily Mirror reported on 12th that Andrew Duncan, a member of the British Army's SSA, shot an Islamic State(IS) commander 2.4 kilometers away AND killed him in Afghanistan.
Recognizing its seriousness, Andrew was quick to report it to his superiors and won approval from the Joint Special Operations Command in Kabul to shoot down IS commanders.
The British military is known to promote the military's performance by disclosing the  records of its snipers like this in the media.
In response, Lotte World explained that The nurse residing in the medical room took necessary measures and recommended other tasks when she first collapsed, but she kept to participate in the performance in hopes of her own."
This means that while Lotte World argue that it maintains an indoor temperature of 26 degrees Celsius, what employees who perform under the glass ceiling feels is different.
The United Nations said in a report on 13th(local time) Islamic extremist group Islamic State has more than 30,000 members in Syria and Iraq, similar to al-Qaida.
The report claimed that despite of IS's defeat in Iraq and most parts of Syria, IS's core forces survived covertly in Iraq and Syria, backed by their colleagues in Afghanistan, Libya, Southeast Asia and West Africa.
The U.N. also pointed out that although the foreign terrorists' inflow into IS has stopped, it might resume and in that case, ISIS will once again emerge as a significant threat.
Some athletes are still in the center of the controversy as they could get military service exception if they win a gold medal at the Asian Games.
In addition, Oh Ji-hwan and Park Hae-min gave up joining the National Police Agency and the executive branch last year and devoted themselves to get military service exemption in the Asian Games, making fans even more upset.
In the report submitted by the National Emergency Management Agency to the Min Kyung-wook's office, a member of Liberty Korea Party, a total of 58 BMW vehicle fires were reported in the January-June period.
In the case of diesel vehicles, the temperature of exhaust gases emitted from the engine is up to 830 degrees and contains various pollutants.
in the number of fires tallied in the January-June period by the National Emergency Management Agency, BMW was recorded the highest at 1.5 units per10,000 units  but did not overwhelmingly surpass GM Korea's 1.24 units and Hyundai Motor's 1.1 units.
A civic group 'Citizens' United for Consumer Sovereignty' filed a complaint with the Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office against BMW Korea CEO Kim Hyo-joon and six executives of its German headquarters on charges of violating the Automobile Management Act.
The civic group explained that BMW made around 660 billion won in profits by hiding defects in 520d models, the most vulnerable one to fire accidents.
The tribunal has tragically trampled on such expectations and hopes, and once again revealed the senselessness and irrationality of Korean Church
Members of the Christian Lawyers' Fellowship(CLF) urge the General Assembly to correct this ruling, which was deplorable, unorthodox and even absurd as soon as possible in accordance with the procedures set in the Code of Conduct, including retrial. 
We will not stop our efforts and prayers until the day the succession of the Myungsung Church is invalid and the church's succession in Korean churches is gone.
Recently, a growing number of consumers want a variety of products types such as lighting, clothing, bedding, and props with antibacterial and ventilating qualities of natural dyeing products have.
In the event this year, natural dyeing exhibition, product sales hall, natural dyeing prop shop, natural dyeing experience center and a "garot history hall" that shows the history of Jeju's traditional paints.
The city of Suncheon held a executive meeting presided over by the vice mayor on the 30th of last month and agreed to review one of mayor Huh's pledges, "A free admission plan for Suncheon citizens to the Suncheon National Garden," the city government said on the 14th. 
The number of sunchen citizens who paid to visit Suncheon National Garden was 141,008 and the profits from admission fee was 380million won. 
Residents of neighborhood have expressed opposition to the Jeju-Welcome City project to build a large-scale residential and commercial facility around Jeju International Airport and called for the withdrawal of the project.
In addition to Son Heung-min, subingtian(29) of China, who holds this year's Asian Tie record with 9.91 seconds in the men's 100-meters, and Japanese badminton star Kento Momota(24) were also among the five superstars.
The roof-top cooling construction is the method that reduces indoor temperature and saves energy by reflecting more than 75 percent of the sunlight by painting special pints(mainly white colors) on the roof surface of the building.
The "Korea Forest Engineers' Preparatory Committee" (tentatively named), which will represent 30,000 forest engineers nationwide, was held in the meeting room of the Korea Forest Professional Engineer Association in Daejeon on 13th, with Kim Jae-hyun, head of the Korea Forest Service, Huh Jong-chun, and officials from related agencies attending.
Following the issuance of the preliminary phase in the algae alarm system, the city used six vessels, including a cleaning ship of the Han River, to strengthen water patrols in the Han River and conduct cleaning of algae-rich areas.
The watermelon, produced about 300 meters above sea level in Mountain Mudeung, is a special taste of late summer while the price of a can exceeds 100,000 won.
According to the declaration, Daegu and Gyeongsangbuk Province will establish strong cooperative system to attract investment from companies, prevent corporate offshore outflow, foster specialized industries and promote distribution of agricultural products, and realize economic community at the end.
Woods shot a 6-under 64 in the final round of the PGA Championship, which ended at Bellerive Country Club(par 70) in St. Louis, Missouri, on the 13th(Korea time) and ranked second with a total of 14-under 266.
As Woods ranked sixth at last month's British Open and performed well at the PGA Championship, expectations are rising that he will win the next tournament.
Hur Min(42), former owner of the Goyang Wonders, who founded the independent baseball team for the first time in Korea and played as a knuckleball pitcher in the U.S. independent league, will participate in the draft for the rookie of the year.
Huh, a former baseball team member of Seoul National University, visited Phil Niekro, a former U.S. Major League Baseball player, in 2009 to learn knuckleball.
it added freshness with the "NFC technique," which uses only fruits without synthetic additives such as sugar and artificial pigments and lowered prices by direct sourcing from polish farmers, the large apple producers and largest producers of Aronia at the same time.
The first competition was held in September 2016 in Cheongju, and the second will be held in Chungju for eight days from August 30 to September 6 next year, with some 4,000 athletes and executives from 100 countries participating.
The governor will also meet with Jakarta Governor Anies Baswedann to discuss  trade delegation dispatch to the province and promotion of export-oriented products to Indonesia in September.
Echo Partners(CEO : Jeon Chun-sik) made an announcement on the 14th that it signed a contract on the production and supply of products between Haier Group and China's joint venture company with Haier Group, the global Giant of home appliances and conducted signboard hanging ceremony written in 'HEXASTONE' at Haier Group's headquarters. 
According to media reports ON 14th(local time), A 22-year-old man was shot to death by fireworks in the southern city of Karachi, and one person was killed and eight others wounded in the capital, Islamabad and Rawalpindi. 
This year's Independence Day was also officially kicked off with the celebrations by firing 31 congratulatory shots in the federal capital, followed by 21 shots in four provinces.
In response, the People's Action against Refugees chanted slogans such as "Nations are angry at Blue House's refusal to abolish the Refugee Act," and "The Minister of Justice, who supports fake refugees and give up protecting his own people, should resign," and demanded the president's direct response.
As rallies are scheduled to be held across the country to demand the abolition of the Refugee Act, public backlash seems to be spreading further after Cheong Wa Dae's response.
It was expected to disappear at 9 a.m. on 14th in the sea about 460 kilometers southeast of Kagoshima, Japan, after failing to land on the Japan archipelago due to its weak power.
Leepi, regarded as only small storm, passed through the Straits of Korea within a hair's breadth and it became the second typhoon that approached closely to the Korea Peninsula, followed by the 7th Typoon Prapiroon, which disappeared on 4th of last month in East Sea.  
Siti and his Vietnamese accomplice, Doan Thi Huong, are set to be sentenced by Malaysia's Shah Alam High Court on 16th on charges of murdering Kim Jong-nam with nerve agent VX.
The Asian Games football team, joined by Son Heung-min, will play the first preliminary stage of Group E against Bahrain at Si Jalak Harupat Stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia, at 9 p.m.
During the Turkish coup in 2016, the president Erdoğan showed himself as "iPhone Enthusiastic user" by communicating with supporters using the iPhone video call function.
With diplomatic conflicts are connected to trade conflicts, some analysts say that sudden fall of the value of lira could lead to another global economic crisis by causing weakness in emerging markets.
Without an intermediate stop, logistics efficiency can be maximized and logistics  distances and time can be cut by half compared to sea transportation using the southern route linking the Indian Ocean, the Suez Canal and the Mediterranean Sea.
To help revive the company, the city is considering buying bus garages, changing the operating system of buses in the city, including a public system and a built-in system.
If the strike takes place, the city will minimize the inconvenience to citizens by entrusting the non-strikers the operation of 36 city routes and renting buses for 54 outside routes. 
The Coast Guard moved about 380 tons of oil and sea water left in No. 3 oil tank damaged(340 tons loaded) by two anti-disaster vessels and one civilian control ship to the anti-disaster boats.
Venezuela's economic crisis worsened further as the international community, including the U.S., imposed sanctions on President Nicolas Maduro for his re-election for six-year term this year after he set up constitutional assembly last year for long-term rule.
Kiko Air', which was newly released from 'Solu-M(CEO :Jeon Sung-ho)', is an IoT smart device that can be used easily and conveniently by inserting electric socket and it tells timing for TVOC measurement and improvement of indoor air quality.
The Incheon Metropolitan Development Corporation announced on 16th that it will train professional home repairing engineers for tenants who rent existing homes and recruit students for home repair education to help employment and start-ups.
Two team(a total of 40 people) will be trained this time and the training will consist of technology-oriented practices that easily work in practice, such as installing a toilet, replacing a window and window frame, and preventing condensation and insulation work. 
The Cheongju municipalities held final briefing session for academic services of establishing measures to revitalize the craft city of Cheongju on the 16th and started to map out specific measures.
At the final briefing, various measures were presented with the vision of "Creative City of Cheongju, connected with crafts and embracing the world" to help the city promote international cooperation and reborn as a cultural city with diverse culture and sustainable development. 
First of all, programs that citizens can participate and highlight Cheongju's distinctive features and identity through crafts was included and measures to enhance its role and status as one of the UNESCO creative cities by fostering experts and joining the international network would also be dealt with.
After the final briefing, the city plans to invite all the parties concerned both at home and abroad to hold a workshop on October 4th and 5th and submit an application to the Korean committee of UNESCO for an membership of creative city in the first half of next year.
Application for UNESCO's creative cities, which is decided by the UNESCO headquarters every two years, can be submitted by only two cities in a country.
Eight local governments have joined UNESCO's creative cities so far, including the Seoul, Busan, Daegu, Gwangju, Icheon and Bucheon of Gyeonggi-do, Tongyeong Gyeongsangnam-do and Jeonju in Jeollabuk-do.
The committee will serve as an advisory for academic services, planning international exchange events, and preparing presentations for domestic screening to join the UCCN.
The center will have spaces to help rehabilitate the disabled and strengthen their health, including a four-lane swimming pool, a multipurpose gym, a fitness center and a multi-purpose room with facilities for disabled.
Especially experts, sports organizations for the disabled and citizens are participating in the design process and the facility will be created for disabled and non-disabled people both.
soulik is expected to move to the sea about 1,490 kilometers southeast of Okinawa, Japan as of 9 a.m. on 17th and approach the sea about 1,240 kilometers east of Okinawa, Japan, on 19th.
Son heung min has already played in all the previous group stages in the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia, as well as on Tottenham's pre-season tour in U.S.
He has served as an key player in the past two Asian Cups, World Cups and 2016 Rio Olympics, but shed tears at the disappointing results, acquiring the nickname "Ulbo" from the public.
Already having big win with Bahrain, it is not necessary for us to make all of efforts to deal with Malaysia and Kyrgyzstan, weaker than Bahrain.
The ecology presentation was organized to inform visitors of the importance of preserving the oceans by showing them the sea turtles suffering from marine waste.
In fact, 10 clubs reportedly planned to give short breaks to major players before training with 17th.
the Daily Mail, The Sun and other foreign media on 15th(local time) reported that the baby is two years old Ripi Ananda Patturkis, who lives in Sukabumi region of Indonesia.
Osman Turk later changed the name of Constantinople to Istanbul and took it as the capital of the empire, and grew as the great empire spanning the Mediterranean region, the North African Arab region and Eastern Europe.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk was an officer in the military who appeared like a comet to protect the country and created Turkey.
Erdoğan, the current president of Turkey, is the politician who has come up to the Turkish people fed up with military dictatorship, corruption and Europe looking on with folded arm.
Turkey with Erdoğan has changed its own stance different with the United States on several issues such as the Syrian civil war and sanctions against Iran, and has rapidly improved relationships with Russia. 
what made Erdoğan to successfully seize power for a long time was his reckless push to improve the livelihood of ordinary people unlike the corrupt past military regime, 
Unlike them, Clarkson is also recognized for his scoring ability in the NBA, as he has played only an average of 23.3 minutes in 81 regular league games in the 2017-2018 season and even scored 13.9 points .
Experts predict that even though Clarkson joined the team, it is not an insurmountable if we focus on the relatively weak organizational power of the Philippines.
As soon as the newspaper came out, all 230,000 copies were sold out, as well as being traded for prices more than 20 times online second-hand markets  
Supreme wanted to run a full-page ad for its fall/winter collection promotion in 2018, and the New York Post also reportedly responded positively to the new attempt, which has never tried.
In last May, Putin sent the Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov to Pyongyang to deliver a personal invitation to supreme leader Kim for the Eastern Economic Forum in Vladivostok from April 11th to 13th .
In the capital city Tripoli, the central government is discussing countermeasures by forming a consultative body composed of high-ranking officials, and tribal chiefs' committee was formed with local tribal chiefs in the crime scene to communicate with the central government to get them released as soon as possible, in accordance with former Ambassador Baek.
It has offered free breakfast and lunch to on-site workers, executives, employees and employees of partner companies for a long time.
As the results seems to come out, Manager Kim Hak-bum replaced Hwang Ui-jo and Hwang In-beom with Lee Seung-woo and Hwang Hee-chan to check their physical condition in the 13th minutes of second half.
Jin Jong-oh, the "God of Shooting," who declared that he would reap "the last hurrah" in the upcoming competition, will face a 10-meter air rifle finals in the afternoon of the 23th.
The finals of major ball games, including baseball, soccer, basketball and volleyball, are scheduled on the 1st, the day before the closing ceremony.
The city purchased 50 devices to rent radon measuring instruments and will receive applications in the district and county offices to lend it on the 20th.
The city announced on Thursday that it will extend the deployment of six water safety personnel from July 19 to the end of this month, which is the summer resort's closing days, and conduct acquisition control and life saving activities.
The civic group claimed the decrease in the number of domestic violence case was optical illusion effect caused by the victims putting up with their domestic violence issue or asking for help from civic groups without making it public.
According to Marina Pisclakova-Parker, director of the anti-violence movement group "Anna Center", the number of domestic violence counseling calls to the center increased from 20,000 to 27,000.
According to the law, even though their spouse or child is assaulted, if he or she uses violence only once a year and the victim has bruised or bleeding without breaking a bone, they will be sentenced to 15 days in detention or just fined.
People point out that the reason why the "Mee too movement" that has hit the world has missed Russia is because of the legal system unfavorable to women and the generous social atmosphere for domestic violence.
Dennis Petardo, one of the famous plastic surgeon in Brazil, suspected of killing a patient in 40s during the hip operation last month, was charged with murder on the 15th(local time)
46-year-old Brazilian women Ms.A came to Rio on 15th of last month and suddenly suffered breathing difficulties while undergoing hip surgery by Petado.
Because Petado was performing the surgery at his home, not in the hospital's operating room so he rushed her to nearby hospital but she died hours later.
During the operation, Petardo injected prosthetic agent called polymethyl methacrylate(PMMA), the mixture of collagen and acrylic molecules into her hip and  the prosecutors spotted it as the main cause.
In fact, based on documents released by lawmaker Hong's office, BMW reported to the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport as "engine, EGR," each, not as "EGR of the engine."
It is said that it did not just regenerate the pain of the past, but also showed the healing power of art by tactfully expressing various efforts to overcome the pain and create hopeful future.
In order to create horizontal employee culture, the government will review the job fit from January next year and conduct half-yearly leadership evaluation.
The relay is part of "flower has power" campaign carried out by the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs to promote life of flowers and its consumption.
The Korea Professional Sports Association (Chairman Chung Un-chan) announced the results of its performance evaluation of pro clubs(baseball, soccer, basketball, volleyball) and of sports(baseball, basketball, volleyball) in order to provide differential financial supports from organizations hosting sports promotion voting. 
The Doosan Bears, FC Seoul in K League 1 and the Busan I-Park in K League 2 received the highest level(S) in the performance evaluation among professional teams this year.
In addition, they opened Instagram channels and team's official blog "Durundurun" and produced about 1,800 SNS contents, including highlights video clips of the games and infographic, in order to actively communicate online with fans.
In the evaluation between sports, volleyball ranked first  and received the highest rating in several sectors such as team operation and business evaluation, total growth of the number of visitors in the professional league and overall sales' growth in the professional league, compared to other sports (baseball, soccer and basketball).
The investigation will be carried out by the end of this year and  measures such as compensation, purchase, return and lease for unauthorized land use will be followed .
Doosan will supply fuel cells to the world's first and largest hydrocarbon fuel cell power plant to stabilize local power supply and demand and to improve the atmosphere.
Doosan announced on 16th that Daesan Green Energy will supply 114 fuel cells(total capacity of 50MW) to the byproduct fuel cell power plant built by Daesan Industrial Complex in Seosan, Chungcheongnam-do.
Doosan will carry out long-term service projects after the completion of the plant, and the total contract for the project is worth of 469 billion won.
"Korea Monster" Ryu Hyun-jin of the LA Dodgers who left the mound with groin injury in May, came back in 105 days and saved his team from successive five defeats with perfect pitching.
Residents of Songgye-ri, Sillim-myeon, Wonju-si will hold a rally to oppose the establishment of the solar power plant at the Chamsal Health Village Center in the village at 3 p.m. on 17th. .
The water reserve rate of agricultural reservoirs in each region has also dropped sharply, averaging only 46.6 percent, including 35.3 percent for yesan, 39.1 percent for Hongseong, 41.4 percent for Boryeong and 45.2 percent for Nonsan.
Rashid  intercepted the ball and pushed it into the empty cage goal. while Song Bum-keun and Hwang Hyun-soo fell, 
Rashid, who scored the first goal, hit a left-footed shot from the right side of the penalty box during a counterattack in the first half, and the ball was deflected and sucked into the net.
Song Bum-keun missed the ball he had caught and South Korea allowed a run when Malaysia's Zapawi Rashid intercepted it and lightly kicked it into the net
Of the dozens of Tate Modern showrooms in London, the room with the "Stairway" made by Seo Do-ho is famous for visitors spending the longest time there .
The reason why the book is on bestseller list may reflect that Trump's support base is solid despite the "hitting Trump" by the major U.S. media.
Lee Ha-sung is widely expected to give South Korea its first gold medal at the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games.
seeing her mischievous son who dumbles a lot in bed, Lee Ha-seong's mother sent him to Wushu Gymnasium, where her acquaintance was working as a private offender.
In stoppage time of the first half, he quickly put aside central defender Hwang Hyun-soo and successfully scored an additional goal by sinking a shot into the corner of the net.
Malaysia, which secured six points in the first and second group stages, is able to go to octofinals as the top team in accordance with the rules of the tournament, even if it loses to Bahrain.
The mudflats selected are Seocheon mudflats in Seocheon-gun, Jellabuk-do, Gochang mudflats in Gochang-gun, Jeollanam-do, Shinan mudflats in Shinan-gun, Jeollanam-do, and Boseong-Sooncheon mudflats in Boseong-gun and Suncheon-so, Jeollanam-do.
In January this year, it submitted an application to designate the Korean mudflats  as World Heritage listings  but it received a notice of "rejected "from the World Heritage Center because of insufficiently completed application. 
The draft of the application submitted to the Cultural Heritage Committee sufficiently presented "an additionally detailed map of each individual heritage and the cooperative system to manage mudflats in four regions in an integrated manner", which had been pointed out to be insufficient.
soulik is expected to pass the sea around 280 kilometers southwest of Kagoshima around 9 a.m. on 22nd and struck the land 60 kilometers east of Yeosu, Jeollanam-do, at around 9 a.m. the following day.
The Asian Games will be based on the principle of winning a winner if the points are the same in regulation, and if even that goal is drawn, the team will be determined by a gain or loss.
The ethics committee pointed out that the Gwangju municipalities purchased Kia Motors four times, including public electric vehicle Soul and fire-fighting vehicles, during his tenure as vice mayor, and that Kia Motors should pay large amount of local taxes.
He was in good condition right after he arrived at the stadium early in the morning, but suffered an unexpected injury while warming up just before the game.
Lee Ha-sung competed in changquan division of men's Wushu Touro and remained 12th out of 17 with 9.31 points in the 2018 Jakarta and Palembang Asian Games held at the International Expo Hall in Jakarta, Indonesia, on 19th. 
Many even mistake Jehovah's witness that justifies their religious draft dodging into conscientious objectors, for aorthodox Korean church.
Harmful consequences caused by pseudo-religious groups, such as mass violence towards believers, group residences in foreign countries, sexual harassment and draft dodging, are even blocking the evangelical work of the on-site church, but the coalition body folds its arms behind its back.
To prevent such problems from recurring, the coalition body must actively disclose  the true nature of cults and provide relevant press manuals.
It has moved the speakers to the location between the engine room and the interior space rather than near door, and there is room exclusively for wireless mobile phone charging on the widened center console.
This is because extreme measures that was implemented, such 100,000 Bolivar bills issued in last November, consistently have failed every time.
The men's national Soccer team at the Asian Games will play their last Group E stage against Kyrgyzstan at the Si Jalak Harupport Stadium in Bandung,Jawa Barat, Indonesia, at 9 p.m. on 20th(Korea time).
South Korea cannot top in the group regardless of the rest of the stages, as the "head to head principle" is applied over goal difference.
In addition to this, Hwang In-beom(Asan Mugunghwa), Jang Yoon-ho(Jeonbuk Hyundai), Lee Seung-mo(Gwangju FC), and Kim Moon-hwan(Busan I-Park), who led the team to 6-0 victory over Bahrain, are also likely to play in the games.
Uzbekistan won over South Korea 4-1 in the semifinals of the Asian Football Confederation Under-23 Championship and get the title after beating Vietnam.
The minimum wage has risen by 29 percent in two years, increasing labor costs and the number of evening guests has been decreasing due to shorter working hours.
The government will soon announce the support package deal for self-employed and small business owners including rent easing and lowering credit card fees, but they do not seem to expect much, saying it would be just "temporary measures."
Based on falling employment rate and escalating unemployment rate, some people criticize Moon Jae-in administration that foundation of national economy collapses due to income led growth policies.  
protest with rice cookers will be staged again during the rally held by small businesses union for right to live at Gwanghwamun Square in Seoul on 29th.
As consumers increasingly are involved with activities that consume more batteries such as playing games or watching videos, they are increasingly looking for phones with high battery level.
Because it is difficult for smartphones to differentiate each other due to standardization of the technologies, competitive in battery sector is being an important variable.
"Mr. who's the boss," which operates a YouTube channel related to smartphones, conducted an experiment in which smartphones were turned on and constantly running Instagram and games.
As of 3 a.m., soulik is medium-sized strong typhoon, making its way northwest at 15 kilometers per hour from the sea about 940 kilometers southeast of Kagoshima, Japan.
Wednesday, the day after yesterday, there will be occasional clouds across the country due to Typhoon Soulik, but Jeju Island and the southern part of the country will gradually become cloudy,  rain can be witnessed starting in the afternoon in Jeju and in the night in the southern coast of jeollanam-do.
In addition to this, Lee Taek-keun of Nexen Heroes with 14, Na Ji-wan of  Kia Tigers, Choi Hyung-woo of NC Scrolls and KT's Yoon Suk-min with 13 each ranked at the top 10.
Soulik was expected to strike Korea peninsula in 23rd, heading north-northeast direction and passing through Sokcho. The typhoon will be dissipated after it land   in Vladivostok in 235th. 
Even if he plays in the Asian Games, his goal scoring senses, which enabled him to achieve nine goals in Japan's J-League this season, still alive.
The current controversy over Hwang Ui-jo's personal connections has completely disappeared due to his outstanding performances, and the public and the media have turned their backs on him immediately and holding his hands.
Ace Son Heung-min looked at his team's victory on the bench and adjusted his physical conditions, while Cho Hyun-woo showed stable performance as he did at the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
The first goal was a lucky one by the Korean defenders' mistakes but they outplayed Hwang Hyun-soo in the speed competition and scored directly in the first half of the game,.
South Korea had to be dragged away by Malaysia's attack throughout the game, allowing unexpected goal due to Song Bum-keun's mistakes in five minutes after the match begin. 
Hwang Hee-chan is still the striker of next generation to lead South Korean football, and Song Bum-keun is also Jeonbuk's main goalkeeper who leads the K-League.
Toto's studio, proceeded in Wuhan for the first time this year, targeted 38 teenagers from Wuhan who have a dream of becoming movie stars.
South Korea will wear the team colored red uniform at the match against Kyrgyzstan, which will decide the team for octofinals of men's soccer at 2018 Jakarta and Palembang Asian Games.
What is as important as this performance, which would be achieved without any unexpected change, is how we can cheer up the depressed team. 
The alert to Cheonsu Bay area was upgraded to high-temperature alert on June 6 due to heat wave that has continued since the high temperature advisory was issued on April 26.
Escala, presenting new standards for future cars with vertical OLED lights, magnificent front grille, flexible body lines and other state of the art technologies, will be specially unveiled to customers for three weeks from the day.
Based on various IT technologies, 7-Eleven said on 20th that it will test-run its state of the art vending machine-type convenience store called "Seven Eleven Express," which has a wide range of convenience features for customers.
Dealers are working at KEB Hana Bank's Dilling Room in Jung-gu, Seoul in the afternoon on 20th when the KOSPI rose 0.83 point(0.04 percent) to 2,247.88, while the KOSDAQ closed at 769.7,down 2.52 points(0.33 percent) from the previous trading day.
Earlier in the day, Lee Ha-sung, who was aiming for his second gold medal in men's changquan division of Wushu following the 2014 Incheon Asian Games, also ended the competition with 12th-place by making a landing mistake.
Seo Hee-ju of Women's Wushu Sword, expected to bring gold medal along with Lee Ha-sung, gave up her appearance due to sudden knee injury.
Seo Hee-ju, who was supposed to perform at first, collapsed at the training ground next to the stadium and burst into tears as the other players' matches began.
foreign media including Reuters reported on 18th that .Iran plans to unveil a series of new weapons such as new fighter jet, 
Iran has been showing off its forces since the Donald Trump administration's withdrawal from the nuclear convention and the resumption of sanctions against Iran.
In a joint press conference after the summit meeting, Putin asked Germany and other European Union countries to strengthen its humanitarian assistance for the reconstruction of Syria.
Putin attended the wedding of the Foreign Minister Karin Knysle(53) and businessman Wolfgang Meilinger in the small town of southeastern Austria.
Austria's opposition parties criticized that it was inappropriate for the head of Austria's foreign affairs, who currently holds the rotating presidency of EU, to invite Putin to the wedding at the time when the EU is at odds with Russia.
The "work experience Dream" project has been promoted independently by Gwangju municipalities to prevent the local youth from being in long-term unemployed and help them get a job.
It is a kind of stepping stone for young people in trouble to get a job so it allows them to choose and work at their desired workplaces.
Some argue that Korean Air will take its share of Jin Air, which has been unable to launch new flights.
Jin Air planned to launch flights in Budapest, Hungary, and Zagreb, Croatia, next year, and then expand its European routes to Bucharest, Romania, and Belgrade, Serbia.
The team event at the Asian Games will be played in three single matches and two doubles matches, and winner at the first three games is able to advance to the next round.
Lee Se-yeon(23, KGC Insam Corporation), the world ranking 92nd beat Furyani, the world ranking 40th(21-14 8-21 21-12) in the third match and revived the chance for winning, but failed to advance next round as Kim Hye-rin(23, Incheon International Airport) and Baek Ha-na(18, Cheongsong Girls' High School) lost in the final doubles match.
Shin Jae-won also made headlines on June 27 for disclosing messages he exchanged with Shin former manager after the group F's third stage between South Korea and Germany at 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Yoon Ji-hye(21), who lost to the player of Indonesia, the host country in the semifinals earlier, won the bronze medal and became South Korea's first medalist in the event.
Lee Dae-myung(30, Gyeonggi Provincial Government) and Kim Min-jeong21, KB Shooting Team) team won silver with 467.6 points, following China (473.2 points) in the final round of the 10-meter air pistol mixed match held at Jakabaring Sports City Shooting Range in Palembang, Indonesia.
Starting with winning silver at the 2006 Doha Asian Games, Lee won four gold, three silver and one bronze before this tournament.
Jeon Hee-sook, the leading player of the women's foil team, is delighted by her 8-3 victory over China in the finals of the women's individual foil competition at Jakarta Convention Center in Jakarta, Indonesia, on 20th.
Ganaan J System (CEO : Moon Myung-joon, pastor of Bundang Shinseong Church), and Gyeonggi Hannong (chairman : Cho Poong-yeon) signed the "Ganaan Miracle land" agreement at the Gyeonggi Hannong seminar room in Daewoo Han River Benecity for the development of land with 1.48 million square meters(about 450,000 acreage)in Changeu-ri and Bangil-ri, Seorak-myeon, Gapyeong-gun, Gyeonggi Province, 
Lombok, located next to the global resort Bali, is a poor area and even aftershocks still continue, making it difficult to tally the damage.
Manager Kim Hak-bum has set up the elite team including all three veteran players  in the starting lineup as wild cards -- Son Heung-min, Hwang Ui-jo and Cho Hyun-woo 
Son Heung-min connected corner kick from the left side to powerful right-footed volley shoot in the 18th minutes of the second half and succeeded to net the goal.
Iran lost to Myanmar 0-2 due to Petriert Chandraha's passive play but they finished first in Group F.
It is not easy to challenge because players ranked from 4th to 9th in the records for saves are all retired players and Jung Woo-ram, ranked in 10th shows wide gap with Oh Seung-hwan, The number 1 player. 
Even though some pointed out that the tournament was poorly run before the opening as we can witness in group organization, they did not show any improvements and a series of problems have been exposed including stadium management issues
Soulik is expected to pass diagonally through from the southwestern part to the northeastern part of  the Korean Peninsula and exit to the sea about 140 kilometers east of Hamheung, Hamgyongbukdo, at 3 a.m. on 24th.
other countries such as Japan, the eternal rival and partner in Asia, North Korea and China known as offensive soccer, Saudi Arabia, another soccer power in Middle East and host country Indonesia will come from the other side. 
Janson, who had been on the disabled list due to his heart issue, will return in 10 days and will play as a closer immediately according to U.S. medias.
Homeplus will select blue crabs caught overnight in Taean, Chungcheongnam-do and in Nampo, Jeollabuk-do and sell them at its stores across the country at 990 won per 100g from 21st to 29th.
South Korea managed to secure 1-0 win over Kyrgyzstan in the third Group stage of the men's football group E of the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games at the City Jalak Harupport Stadium in Bandung, Indonesia, at 9 p.m. on 20th.
The South Korean defenders continued to be swayed by fast-footed wide midfielder Muhammad Zapawi Rashid attacking from behind
Only one possibility for South Korea at this Asian Games to succeed is to win a gold medal.
Strong winds and rain that Soulik would bring are expected to cause damages to farms including falling of fruits, lodging, flooding and damage to vinyl houses.
Currently, 7-Eleven is going to test-operate at total of four places including two on the 17th floor of 7-Eleven headquarters, and one at Lotte Engineering and Lotte Rental headquarters each, and the company is starting to commercialize its actual franchise model as early as September.
In this seminar, there would be an announcement to launch "the project to develop technologies for localization of floating offshore wind power", which the city has been promoted as the government task since June.
In the seminar, 5MW floating offshore wind power generation system and 200MW floating offshore wind power complex design technology development were introduced.
The city plans to speed up the localization of parts such as turbines, floaters and towers and the design of the complex development by successfully carrying out the government's task of developing technologies for floating offshore wind industries.
Currently, Ulsan University, research institutes and machinery companies are participating in localization processes of three technologies: the development of 750kW floating offshore wind power pilot plant, 5MW large floating system design technology, 200MW floating offshore wind farm design and wind energy resource evaluation technology.
the 23rd, when the national team leaves for Asian Game, is the day of the 10th anniversary that national team won the gold medal with complete victories in all nine games at the Beijing Olympics.
The woman in 30s, who went missing while camping with her family in Jeju, was finally confirmed to have drowned and died.
Even in autopsy conducted earlier by Kang Hyun-wook, a professor at Jeju National University, there was no signs of injury (survival response) in living conditions, such as scars from being tied or strangulated, or damage to sex crimes, but only typical appearances of drowning were found. 
Choi, who went camping with her family at Sehwa Port, Gujwa-eup of Jeju on the 10th of last month, went missing at around 11:38 p.m. on 25th, and was found dead in waters off Gapado Island in Seogwipo-si, just opposite from Sehwa Port.
the investigation would be conducted on 125 elementary school students in first and second year, whose schools are located within 5 kilometers of coal-fired plant in Boryeong, Dangjin, Seocheon and Taean.
Measuring outdoor fine dust, heavy metals and volatile organic compounds and applying IoT technology to measure the air quality of homes and schools all the time are included in the environmental exposure field
In addition to this, the communication aims at establishing cooperative system by recognition survey on teachers and parents, briefing sessions, and counseling sessions.
On 21th, the Chungnam National University Foundation released "video honoring the donation spirit of the four benefactors" on its Facebook, YouTube and its official website.
Jung Da-somi is a big shot, winning two gold medals at 2014 Incheon Games, but she will not be able to play as she come in fourth place among four.
The showdown between Iran (32nd in FIFA ranking) and South Korea (57th) is regarded as de facto finals because these are considered as the most competitive teams among the Asian Games participants.
Iran already dragged down South Korea twice in 2002 Busan Games and the 2006 Doha Games.
Several foreign-based players of Korea, such as Son Heung-min, Hwang Hee-chan and Lee Seung-woo joined team respectively and had little time to play together.   
what we also need to focus is that Kim Min-jae, one of the key defenders but could not play under manager Shin Tae Yong, is not allowed to play under Kim Hak bum again due to accumulated red card.  
Mr. Gong, who had been raising watermelons for 20 years in Yeongdong, decided to study instead of farming after he lost what he had achieved in 2002 due to Typhoon Rusa.
To help him study, the Yeongdong county residents scholarship committee provided  special scholarship of 3.6 million won for him without hesitation in October 2016, while the Simcheon-myeon Sports committee and Village Association also paid 1 million won each.
building foundation bed and concrete column work for the temporary shelter was finished, which was started with bed excavation for the completion in September.
Once the shelter is completed, victims living in schools and other evacuation facilities separately will be able to live in residential facilities with basic amenities such as bathrooms and restrooms.
In addition to the accommodation construction, the government has also made efforts to stabilize the victims residence by drilling for water and conducting water quality tests .
Huh Chang-soo, chairman of the Federation of Korean Industries, met new U.S. Ambassador to South Korea Harry Harris at the FKI building in Yeouido, Seoul, on 20th and exchanged their opinions on recent issues such as Korea-U.S. trade issues, U.S.-China trade disputes and security on the Korean Peninsula.
the Federation of Korean Industries told Ambassador Harris that the group opposed the United States applying “Trade Expansion Act 232” because it would have huge adverse effects such as building trade obstacles and destroying global supply chain. 
Shinhan Bank said on 20th that its CEO Mr. We met Indonesian Red Cross Secretary-General Litola Tasmaya and delivered 500 million rupiah first on 19th.
Lombok island, one of Indonesia's best vacation spots suffered 7.0-magnitude earthquake on 5th, claiming 436 lives and injuring 1,470 so far.
They demanded the Ministry of Science and Technology to conduct transparent audits, not unfair ones, as well as to show if there was any pressure on the president's resignation by the inspection team.
Sun Yang won the men's 800m freestyle finals with a time of 7:48.36 at Gelora Bung Carno Swimming Pool in Jakarta, Indonesia on 20th, which is his second gold of the event.
Sun Yang took the first place from the 350-meter point, and continued to stay atop and hit the touch pad, far ahead of Shogo Takeda(7:53:01), who finished second.
Park Sung hyun, who had recorded 23 under par(265) in total, succeeded to get the trophy, beating out Lizette Salas of the U.S. who finished par due to a birdie.
This winning allowed Park to achieve three-game victory, her goal for this season, and she was able to share the lead with Ariya Jutanugarn of Thailand in the multiple wins.  
Lee Ah-reum(26) also lost to Luo zong-shi of China 5 to 6 in the finals of women's taekwondo 57kg division at the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games held at Jakarta Convention Center in Jakarta, Indonesia on 21th(Korea time).
On 20th, the city signed a business agreement with 20 organizations and institutes which participated in the "Doshirak Talk," a cultural network of Cheongju, to build cultural governance and excavate cultural city projects.
The agreement is designed to build key cultural governance and find cultural city projects for culture city designation.
From now on, the municipalities will establish working-level centered committee, whose members are from organizations participated in the agreement and share the table for urban cultural networks with experts, citizens and public administration.
Since 2016, the city has been preparing projects such as running a civil network, local cultural resources archiving, training creative talents and strengthening local cultural experts' capabilities to build a self-sustaining cultural ecosystem.
This is because heat wave alerts was in effect throughout July and August and the super tropical night with temperatures over 30 degrees Celsius was also continued .
Om Yun-chol won the gold medal in the 56-kilogram division of men's weightlifting finals at Jakarta International Expo in Indonesia on 20th with 127kg in snatch, 160kg in clean and jerk and 287kg in total.
Before him, Lee Sung-geum lifted total 199kg(87kg in snatch + 112kg in clean and jerk) in the women's 48kg weightlifting finals and gave North Korea its first gold medal of the competition.
Lee Sung-geum lifted 4 kilograms more than the silver medalist Sri Wahyuni Agustiani(Indonesia, 195kg) and won the gold medal at the Asian Games and it was her first time to participate in the event. 
Lee Sung-geum stood out by winning the 2014 Asian Junior Weightlifting Championships and emerged as a rising North Korean weightlift star, winning gold at Summer Universiade last year.
Even though Ryu han-su lost two more points allowing rolling attack, but he raised his body and went for a takedown against Almat. 
Lee Da-bin(22), also won the gold medal by beating Kazakhstan's Kansel Deniz 27-21 in the over-67kg division of women's taekwondo.
China beat the Philippines 82 to 80 in the preliminary match of men's basketball Group D in 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games, held at Gelora Bung Carno Basketball Stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Mina, a Coptic living in Egypt's Minya region, passed through the southern desert area with his father and older brother Marco(14) and was attacked by Islamic extremists in May last year.
Ike won her fourth gold medal of the competition with a new record of 56.30 seconds in the women's 100-meter butterfly division on 21th.
Three major challenges should be overcome : the emotional pressure against Iran, the absence of “core defender” Kim Min-jae and Goal shy strikers revealed in preliminary matches.  
South Korea's national soccer team, taking second place in Group E, will play octofinlas against Iran, the top-ranked team in Group F at 9:30 p.m. on 23th at Wiba and Mukti Stadium in Chikarang, Indonesia.
Experts say that the strategy to increase scoring capacity is needed by increasing the details of set piece in preparation for the match against Iran, more defensive than its opponents in preliminary matches.
what we are concerned about more is Kim's vacancy because he started all three group games and played a keyl role regardless of in three or four defender formations.
In the case of "Kompasu(2010)", similar in size to Soulik, six people died and 12 people were injured.
It might be possible that soulik stays longer on the Korean Peninsula, affected by the 20th typhoon "Cimaron," which is currently moving northward near Guam.
Cimaron will pass through Japan and exit the east of Dokdo so there would be no direct impact on the Korea peninsula but "Fujiwara effect" might be caused between Soulik and Cimaron. 
with opposition party's arguments, a number of shops located in major commercial districts of Venezuela closed more than usual and fewer people visited there.
Venezuela, the world's third-largest crude oil producer, expanded its state finances as its financial circumstances become better in the era of high oil prices, but the situation has been turned around as high oil prices came to an end since 2015.
Oil refineries predict that international oil prices will likely to surpass $100 per barrel again due to the Middle East's production cut-off policy.
Local media reported that office workers in Caracas immediately left the buildings and evacuated, while many fled their homes in residential areas.
Soulik is expected to pass through the metropolitan area and exit into the sea, 170 kilometers north-east of Sokcho, Gangwon Province, at 3 p.m. on 24th.
The writer, who has been involved in real marketing for nearly three times this time, began to record marketing-related contents based on his experiences on his smartphone memo app in the subway.
Many of the marketing books in the market suggest directions for marketing with a number of successful marketing cases, theories, and outstanding marketers.
On top of that, Machado turned it over by making 4-2 with a home run over the left-hand fence, creating the winning environment for Ryu as a pitcher.
On the 23rd, as the Incheon Regional Office of Oceans and Fisheries confirmed that it has completed a consultation on the utilization of sea area in front of Incheon at the sea aggregate extraction planned site, the Incheon Civil Society Organization, Incheon Green Korea United, the Incheon Federation for Environmental Movement, and Hwanghae Island Conservation Center have raised the issue.
There may be many other reasons for the decrease in fish stocks, such as environmental destruction on the oceans and coasts, climate change and overfishing, but this does not mean that sea sand collecting is not the cause of the reduction in fish stocks.
In the morning of 27th, when the heavy rain watch was issued, the parked cars and houses in the alleyway around Gwangwol-dong, Nam-gu, Gwangju, are damaged by the flood and the products of one shopping mall are fell down onto the water.
The Army announced on the 27th that the applications received from July 16th to August 23rd for non-commissioned officers for long-term military service on 3 special features including the operation of drones and UAVs, the operation of cyber and information systems and the special infantry, this is what the result has shown.
Be careful not to allow moisture or water to enter the hearing aid, and if you drop the hearing aid into the water, it is recommended that you first wipe the surface with a dry cloth, remove the battery, and visit the hearing aid center for an inspection of the device.
The joint oil purchase project has been carried out by the Public Procurement Service, which selects a winning bidder by putting the oil companies on a competitive bid, and the selected oil company and a gas station voluntarily signed a public agreement.
While Joon-beom Jeon (Sangmu Phoenix), Il-young Heo(Goyang Orion), and Sun-Hyung Kim (Seoul SK), are shooting the 3 points from the outer side, Gun-ah Ra (Ricardo Ratliffe, Ulsan Hyundai Mobis) who was from the U.S.A and was naturalized as Korean citizen, dominated under-the-basket.
Around 10 a.m., dozens of nearby roads and shops, including Baegungo-ga and Namdaemun-ro, were flooded as the heavy rain of more than 60 mm per hour came around Baekun-dong and Juwol-dong, Nam-gu, Gwangju.
The players including the worldwide LoL player Lee ‘Faker’ Sang-Hyeok, Kim ‘Kiin’ Kiin, Go ‘Score’ Dong-bin, Park ‘Ruler’ Jae-hyuk, Jo ‘CoreJJ’ Yong-in, and Han ‘Peanut’ Wang-ho came out.
The professional poker player Yo-hwan Lim, the so-called "emperor of e-sports," has been at the center of the spotlight as fans of e-sports continued to cheer for the e-sports' adoption at the Asian Games and the entrance to ground stations.
In the match, Hyun-hee Kim, Eun-jeong Byun, Hyun-jung Chang, Ye-lin Lee and Min-ji Cho from South Korea rowed with Ye-sung Jung, Eun-jung Yoon, Su-hyang Kim, Eun-young Cha and Soo-jung Heo from North Korea.
In this year's event, the unified teams competed in 3 rowing events (men's Coxless four, men’s Eight, and women's lightweight Double sculls) but failed to win medals.
Kim Do-yeon, who originally ran the 5,000m and 10,000m races, broke the South Korean record in just 3 complete runs after changing into a marathon runner.
As a result, Heybot and SSGTALK have replaced the customer service center counselors, but they can only confirm the order and check the points and coupons.
SK Engineering & Construction, which had a high possibility of IPO (Initial Public Offering) as early as next year, is facing major negative factors such as the collapse of the Laos Dam, and has the world against it.
As a result of this accident ,SK Engineering & Construction is expected to lose its competitive edge in order receipts in addition to the immediate loss of market capitalization due to the decline in share prices and compensation for accidents.
In the recent financial investment industry, since SK Engineering & Construction’s IPO, which was highly likely to be implemented by the end of next year, is becoming unclear, the restructuring of the governance structure of SK Discovery is expected to be not easy
In fact, the complex shopping malls, such as Starfield, Lotte Mall, and IPark Mall, are spacious and easy to move around, and are equipped with parking lots, making it easier to drive from far away.
Starfield Goyang, a complex shopping mall operated by Shinsegae, has made Sports Monster, a sports game field where children can run around and play, more bigger than the one in Hanam, its 1st store.
NCsoft's Blade & Soul tournament started in 2013 as a one-on-one showdown, and the official tournament was launched in 2015, and this year marks the 6th year.
In the Asian Games, 6 games were selected: League of Legends, StarCraft II, Clash Royale, Arena of Valor, Hearthstone, and Winning Eleven 2018.
Choi, a former StarCraft 1 professional gamer, is a famous player who led his team, Samsung Galaxy (Current Gen.G), to the LoL World Championship title last year.
Ui-jo Hwang, who previously scored 2 goals alone in the first half to prevent his team from being eliminated, couldn't see the penalty kick shot properly that could lead to the winning goal.
All the hits he recorded on the day were home runs. In his first at-bat in the 2nd inning, Jae-gyun Hwang hit an RBI single on a sacrifice fly, and hit a three-run home run in the 3rd inning, and a solo home run in the 4th inning.
There is still a difficult schedule to win the rest of the games, but there is nothing you can’t do if you put yourself in the right mood.
In response, the police have been controlling traffic on a 50m road in front of Deokcheon drainage station in Buk-gu, a 60m drive into Hwamyeong Ecological Park on the riverside, and a road in the entrance to Samrak Eco Park from 9 a.m.
Among them,Stefano Lilipaly(Indonesia), Alberto Costa (Indonesia), Wei Shihao (China), Safawi Rasid (Malaysia), Zabikhillo Urinboev (Uzbekistan) and Yoo-sung Kim (North Korea) finished all the games in the tournament.
He has scored 8 goals in the tournament and has been named the 2nd most-ranked Asian player in the history of the Korean soccer players who have already participated in the Asian Games.
In the past Asian Games score rankings before this year’s, Sun-hong Hwang (14 goals) was in the 1st place, Yong-sooChoi (7 goals) was in 2nd, and Joo-young Park, Nak-un Sung, and Suk-jae Oh (6 goals) were in the 3rd.
If you summarize the semi-final qualifying countries of the Asian Games in one word each, you can express Korea as ‘dignity', Vietnam as ‘gust', Japan in ’spirit', and UAE in ‘luck'.
South Korea is a front-runner armed with Heung-min Son(Tottenham Hotspur), the most expensive player in men's football at the Asian Games, Ui-jo Hwang(Gamba Osaka), who scored 2 hat tricks, and Hyun-woo Cho, who played an “excellent blocking show” without losing a point against Germany at the World Cup in Russia.
Japan did not pull out so-called wild card players, who are over the age of 24, and are allowed up to 3 players per country in men's football at the Asian Games, which limited the age to 23 or younger.
Stanley Pringle (31 years old, 185cm) and Christian Karl Standhardinger (29 years old, 203cm) have gained fame for their similar looks with NBA superstars James Harden (Houston Rockets) and Steven Adams (Oklahoma City Thunder).
Although they have not been well-known to Korean basketball fans, they have received much spotlight for their similar appearance and quality skills.
Through this business agreement, the International Beauty and Foot-Health  Promotiln Agency Co.LLC has established a mutual linkage and solidarity relationship between nail and beauty and medical industry, thereby creating an opportunity to increase the safety management and treatment of customers and patients.
After losing the game that day, Clarkson scored 2 losses in 2 tournaments, following the game against China that his team lost by 80 to 82, and left Indonesia.
In June, Japan drew a lot of attentions after it won the International Basketball Federation (FIBA) World Cup qualifying tournament held in Chiba, Japan, by 79 to 78 against Australia which included 2 NBA players.
On the 27th, the men's archery team, with Jin-hyuk Oh, Woo-jin Kim and Woo-suk Lee, lost to Taiwan by 3-5 as the set score in the final of the recurve (traditional bow) team competition at Gelora Bung Karno Stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia, and won a silver medal.
South Korea, which was dragged by 1-3 set score, balanced the score out by an easy 58-51 victory in the 3rd set, but gave out the 4th set by 55-56 to get the silver medal.
On the 28th (Korean time), Ji-hwan Oh participated as the defensive substitution at the end of 7th inning, in the final round of the men's baseball Group B preliminary against Hong Kong at the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games at Gelora Bung Karno Stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia.
It will be made up with 280 companies of the new technology exhibition, 160 inventions from the International Inventions Patent Contest, and 40 sessions of international conferences, with 70,000 visitors expected to visit.
Assuming that South Korea wins the match against China, which is expected to be the runner-up in Group A, it must unconditionally win the match against Japan by more than two points within regular innings.
If Korea beats Japan and Japan beats Taiwan, all 3 teams will have 2 wins and 1 loss, so the scores earned and lost are very important.
As players have proven their skills, Coach Sun believes that they can continue to win as long as they do their jobs properly.
On the 27th, Jeju Island announced that the total number of authenticated individuals reached 578,653 by the end of last month from 2016, when the public Wi-Fi certification system was introduced.
Most of the authenticators were visitors who came to Jeju Island for tourism, business reasons or others, with tourists (32.2%), business reasons or others (24.6%), and Jeju residents (20.1%).
More than half of the users connected to mobile terminals (APs) installed on buses, cruise ships or other ships, and there were more intercity bus Wi-Fi users than city buses.
Since July last year, Jeju Island has installed 2225 public Wi-Fi terminals in 751 places, including buses, bus stops, tourist attractions, electric car charging stations, cruise ships, and other ships.
When Powell showed his confidence in the US economy at the Jackson Hole meeting, the US stock market closed higher and melted the frozen investment sentiment.
There are also reports that the uncertainties have eased as the market has become resistant to the already unfavorable conditions such as financial instability in emerging countries and the US-China trade war.
Including Starfield Goyang Court M and an outdoor plaza special court, the round 8 was the first of its kind in Korea to have a thrilling match on the sandy beach at the Gyeongpo Beach in Gangneung.
Assuming that Taiwan, which beat us, will be the top team in our group, we will have the first Super Round match with the top team from Group A at the noon of 30th.
Hyun-jin Ryu, who had already played a right-handed hit at the end of the 3rd inning, hit the first pitch of his opponent’s starting pitcher, Robbie Erlin, with no runners on 2 outs, making a clean and heavy hit.
On the 27th, Paulo Bento, the new head coach of the national football team, confirmed 24 members of the new national team playing at the Asian Games, led by members of the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Jung-dae Lee, the president of the Korean Basketball League, delivered the incentive to the South Korean men's 3x3 basketball team, who returned home after winning a valuable silver medal at the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games.
On the 28th, Lee met with Nak-hyun Kim (Incheon Electronics Land), In-tae Park (Changwon LG), Young-joon  Ahn (Seoul SK), and Hong-seok Yang (Busan KT) of the 3x3 basketball team at KBL Center in Gangnam-gu, Seoul and delivered the incentive.
One-top Ui-jo Hwang, who scored a hat trick with the first goal, an additional goal and an equalizer, and earned a penalty kick that became the final goal in the second half of the extra period, was the most distinguished player.
Some criticized by asking that when there are many national team-class strikers including Heung-min Son, Hee-chan Hwang, and Seung-woo Lee, is it really necessary to use a wildcard on another striker, Ui-jo Hwang.
On the 28th (Korean time), Sang-soo Lee(28), Young-sik Jung(26), and Woo-jin Jang(23) won the silver medal after losing to China by 0-3 in the men's table tennis team final at Jakarta International Expo Hall in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Shooter Tae-jong Moon scored 3 point shots every time they faced the difficulty, and defensive specialist Hee-jong Yang contributed to victory by keeping 4 quarter shot-scorer Iranian forward Nikkhah Bahrami from scoring.
This month, the consumer composite sentiment index has worsened significantly due to worsening perceptions of households' financial conditions due to sluggish employment and rising inflation, and fears of a slowdown in the economy due to the U.S.-China trade war.
The reason for the missed goal in this tournament is that when the scores of the basic events were still poor, the trusted events also ended up with poor results.
It is time for people who have suffered from heat waves and typhoons to feel the autumn in a natural disaster-free weather, but weather situation is not like that at all.
In fact, not many places across the country experienced typhoon-class winds of more than 17 m per second on average for 10 minutes.
The reason why the forecast was not clear was that the speed of the progression of the Typhoon Soulik suddenly slowed down to an unusual speed of 4 to 8 km per hour in the observation free area in the sea.
The global meteorologists predicted that the global sea level will rise soon and Korea will experience the biggest damage from the typhoon.
On the 26th, the leaders of the Chinese national team who were watching the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games preliminary match between Korea and Taiwan in the audience of the Gelora Bung Karno (GBK) baseball stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia, were amazed by the defense of Jae-kyun Hwang.
As for smartphone sales by the operating system (OS), Google's Android gained 88% market share in the 2nd quarter, far outstripping Apple's iOS which was 11.9%.
The area has 419 mm of precipitation at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, with strong rain of more than 106.5 mm per hour in the morning of the previous day.
Lotte Group’s Chairman Byeong-ho Shin is entering the courtroom to attend the 14th trial of the appellate court on ‘Corruption of Lotte Owners', which is held at the Seoul High Court in Seocho-gu, Seoul in the afternoon of the 29th.
The semifinals of men's football at the 2018 Jakarta and Palembang Asian Games, which will kick off at 6 p.m.(Korean time) on 29th at the Pakansari Stadium, Bogor, Indonesia, will take South Korea's 5th victory of 5 games or Vietnam's first.
Heung-min Son (Tottenham Hotspur), the most expensive football player in Asia, Ui-jo Hwang (Gamba Osaka), who scored hat tricks twice only at the Asian Games, and the goalkeeper Hyeon-woo Jo (Daegu), who played “the Save Show" at the 2018 World Cup in Russia, did not compete at the AFC U-23 Championship.
The Jeju Civil Movement Headquarters said that it conducted poll of 1,000 residents in Jeju on June 16th-17th to check if the result of the Public Opinion Commission’s poll was appropriate, and it showed 61.6% of the residents 'opposed the opening', 24.6% 'in favor of the opening' and 13.8 % ‘reserved’.
At around 10:37 a.m., two people, including Park, 57-year-old man, were rescued from the risen floodwater while driving on a mountain road in Wassu-ri.
At the ceremony, the center shared the way it has been and the way to go ahead, and carried out the writing performance with the will to get rid of the gambling problem.
First of all, the legalization of payment of the treatment charge was institutionalized in accordance with Article 14 to ensure stable prevention of gambling problems and financial resources for the Treatment Project by imposing/collecting 0.5% or less of the annual net sales as an addiction prevention levy.
From the establishment of the center in 2013 to 2018, 114.4 billion won of financial resources were raised to cover preventive, counseling, and treating activities in cooperation with 14 regional centers, 20 private and local counseling agencies, and 40 medical institutions specialized for addiction.
According to the characteristics of gambling addiction, in which the prevention is very important, it is difficult to provide counseling service with the limited number of counselors at the centers and regional centers, so the education opportunities are provided to teachers, soldiers, and residents by training them of prevention instructions to handle the prevention educational needs.
Since 2015, the center has been building and operating a GIPS (Gambling Problem Information System) with input of the patient information or personal counseling records similar to the hospital's medical records chart, and data has been input and managed in accordance with the same standards and procedures at its headquarters, regional centers and private consultation agencies.
In addition, the center will make efforts to uninstall the non-residential treatment facilities, establish an online counseling system, collaborate with private companies, bring new technology (VR technology, etc.) for the treatment activities, and follow-up management of the patients.
Jeong-sik Won was disqualified after failing all 3 attempts in the men's 69kg class finals of weightlifting at Jakarta and Palembang Asian Games in 2018 at Jakarta International Expo on the 22nd.
The area has cumulative precipitation of 431 mm at 3 p.m., including the strong rain of 106.5 mm per hour in the morning.
It was Ui-jo Hwang who scored the final goal against Iran in the round of 16 (2-o win), and avoided being shut-out in the round 2 against Malaysia (1-2 loss).
The residents are expressing the anger by sticking the post-it notes on the car that blocked the entrance to the underground parking lot of Songdo International City Apartment with the complaints written on the notes.
The female owner, A, was found to have blocked the driveway to the underground parking lot at around 4:50 p.m. on July 27th, and showed up a day later at night to pull out a golf bag , move it to a man's car, and leave.
World Vision will declare the flood damage as 'Category 3,' the highest disaster response level for this organization, and will conduct emergency response for the next 90 days and reconstruction restoration project for 15 months.
In order to fulfill its promise to citizens as soon as possible, the revised supplementary budget will be drawn up, approved by a local council, and implemented immediately from the 2nd semester of this year.
The Seoul Metropolitan Office of Meteorology urged people to be aware of the damage to facilities and lives as heavy rain is expected in northern Gyeonggi Province, accompanied by thunder and lightning, along with gusts of wind until the 30th.
Hak-bum Kim, the head coach of the South Korea's national football team who made it to the finals of the Asian Games for the 2nd time in a row, highlighted that he will stay alert in the finals for the championship.
Woo-jin Kim, ranked No. 1 in the world, pushed Woo-suk Lee(2nd in the world ranking) to the set score of 6 to 4 at the recurve (traditional bow) men's individual finals in the "home fight" at Gelora Bung Karno archery field in Jakarta.
‘Team Yoon Duk-yeo,' which was trying to advance to the first finals of the Asian Games women's soccer game, was defeated by unexpected own goal.
On the 28th, the South Korean women's national football team, led by head coach Duk-yeo Yoon, lost 1-2 in the semifinals against Japan at the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games at Gelora Sriwijaya Stadium in Palembang, Indonesia.
The event will hold 80 people including family members of the foreign ministers, commercial agents, diplomats and foreign ambassadors from the Netherlands, Sweden and Kuwait, as well as ambassador of Oman, Mohamed Al Harthy.
If professional players are required, they can be selected under certain conditions, such as under the 3rd year or under the age of 23.
The DongGang Museum of Photography, located in the town of Yeongwol, was the first public photography museum in Korea opened in July 2005 with the history of photography and a variety of photography works by subject.
More than 100 pieces of paintings from 17 countries are installed in the outdoor sculpture park with a tranquil landscape, and inside the exhibit hall, 3000 artworks from 70 countries are on display at the permanent exchange exhibition, giving a new impression every time.
Tack-soo Kim, the coach of the Korean men's table tennis team, who was defeated, has appeared on the side of the stadium where the Chinese crowd was shouting ‘Jia you.’
China only gave up 1 game in the men's national team's 3-1 victory over Taiwan in the team semifinals, and except for that 1 game, both men and women triumphed from the preliminaries to the finals with the score of 3-0.
Kim, who defeated Liu Guoliang of China at the singles match of table tennis, who was the best player at the time of the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, told the players of the moment when he got the gold medal by defeating Liu.
In October 2016, a year after the fund's launch, 52% of the Youth Hope Fund donors were bank employees.
When former President Myung-bak Lee emphasized "green growth," related funds came out in the financial sector, but they can not be found now.
Ikee Rikako, a 18-year-old girl in the women's swimming, won 6 gold medals and 2 silver medals to brighten the future of Japanese swimming.
As a result, South Korea, ranked the 3rd, is in a situation where it has to worry about being overtaken by the host country, Indonesia rather than chasing after Japan.
Dodgers (71 wins, 61 losses), which fell behind the 2 teams by 1 game, is in desperate need to put Kershaw in the matches against the 2 teams, in order to win the Championship.
A lot of soccer fans look forward to seeing Heung-min Son's 'tears of joy’ on the 1st, after the finals of the fateful Asian Games of Korea and Japan.
Jae-kyung Lee, CEO of Cuzim, though that it is not right when she saw the spending pattern of people buying flowers only on anniversaries and special days while she was operating the store for 6 months in 2016 through youth incubating for flowers.
This recruiting selects employees who are suitable for strengthening legal capacity, such as achieving management goals, promoting strategic business activities for both internal and external business conditions, and analyzing business risks.
The deadline for applications will be 2 p.m. on September 13th, and details such as job requirements and assigned tasks can be found on the Korail's website's (www.korail.com) recruitment information.
It is noteworthy how the selection of a new name, boldly abandoning the brand name of 'Galaxy Gear S', which has been created for years with efforts, will produce some results.
A girl’s father, Alvin John, refused to marry a 19-year-old daughter to a Muslim man, and the whole family was assaulted.
According to the ‘2018 Christian persecution ranking' released by the Open Doors Church, Pakistan ranked in the top 5 after North Korea, Afghanistan, Somalia and Sudan.
Shin-soo Choo, who hit 5 consecutive games without a hit in 5 at-bats the previous day, and stopped on-base in 16 consecutive games, drew another hit in a day.
Amid Wood's good pitching, the Dodgers, which picked up the lead with Cody Bellinger's center field wall solo shot during the 3rd inning, took the lead by 2-0 when Manny Machado fired a solo home run over the center field wall.
As soon as he finished his team schedule, he was out for the quarterfinal (106 to 63 wins) against Thailand in consideration of the physical strain from crossing the Pacific from the United States through Korea to Indonesia.
The competition, which lasted for about 3 weeks from July 12th to 31st, was held on the theme of social contribution projects that reflect the business characteristics of the project (urban regeneration and residential welfare) and social value proposals.
The Excellence Awards were given for the construction work of sunlight blocking paint for low-income residents in Incheon, the job creation business for rental residents, and the project for youth farming and fishing village.
On the afternoon of the 30th, Sung-hyun Park, the No. 1 in women’s professional golf, is returning to Incheon International Airport to take a break in Korea.
In the first class, Chang-rok Song, the executive director of information service at SK hynix, gave a special lecture on "Information Communication Technology (ICT) Memory Trend and Smart Factory" in a real-time hands-on lecture room at KAIST.
On the 19th, Hyundai Heavy Industries Group said that Hyundai Heavy Industries Group, Kakao Investment Co. which is an investment subsidiary of Kakao, and Asan Medical Center will invest total of 10 billion won to establish 'Asan Kacao Medical Data (tentative name).'
Hyundai Heavy Industries Group will be responsible for business model diversification and strategy, and Asan Medical Center will provide non-identification, anonymized medical information, and medical consultation information with professors.
Kakao Investment will take on the role of structuring the medical data and forming the platform based on the experience of success in various platform businesses.
The medical big data provided by Asan Kacao Medical Data contains not only the hospital Electronic Medical Record (EMR), but also the non-identified and anonymized information such as various clinical test information, reservation record, and medical equipment operation rate.
This information is expected to be used in medical institutions those want to improve service quality through medical environment analysis or in the development of new drugs to overcome rare intractable diseases.
Of the estimated 39.6 billion won, only 25 billion won were reflected in the Anshim ~ Hayang double track line construction project, and only 1 billion won of the 22.5 billion won was reflected in the Daegu wide area railway construction budget.
Baul An won by an ippon with shoulder throw over Japan's Maruyama Joshiro in the 66kg final of the Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games Judo men in 2018 at the Jakarta Convention Center in Indonesia on the 29th.
This eased some of the regrets that he had to go through when he lost to an ippon in the final despite being considered a strong gold medal favorite at the Rio de Janeiro Olympics 2 years ago.
The paragliding women's team, including Da-kyum Lee, Jin-hee Baek and Woo-young Jang, also scored total of 4,924 points in 5 rounds in the women's team event in the cross-country, beating Japan's total of4,851 points, to win the gold medal.
On the 30th, South Korea lost 68 to 80 in the semifinals of the men's basketball at the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games against Iran at Gelora Bung Karno (GBK) Istora basketball stadium, Jakarta, Indonesia, amid the rebound's inferiority.
Jun-bum Jeon, who shot the 3-point shower in the quarterfinals with the Philippines in the previous match, stayed silent without scoring a point, failing to catch a chance to shoot at the height of Iran.
On the 29th, the Korea Veterans Health Service held a “10 Social Responsibility Implementation Resolution Conference" at Daejeon Veterans Hospital in Daejeon with about 100 executives and employees participating.
The event was organized by watching the videos on integrity, lecturing on the implementation of the 10 social responsibilities, reading the resolutions of the professions such as doctors and nurses, shouting of the integrity slogan, signing the pledge to implement the social responsibility, and so on.
The emergency vehicles, such as ambulances and patrol cars, operating in Chungnam, will be able to pass directly through the parking lots of the apartment complex in the area where the unmanned parking breaker is installed.
Out of 1,186 apartment complexes in Chungcnam, 277 have been installed with parking breakers, and 737 emergency vehicles are operated by fire and police departments.
The Cheonan Grape Farming Association’s grape cultivation complex, which produces the grapes, was designated as the only US export complex in Korea and secured its exclusive export status.
Cheonan has been the largest producer of kyoho harvest in Korea for the past 50 years, but it has also caused a decline in farm income due to overproduction and weakening competitiveness.
The province's Agricultural Technology Institute and the Cheonan Agricultural Technology Center replaced the main production varieties with shine muscat in 2015 and improved the competitiveness of the products by providing customized technology and diversifying exporting countries.
The Korean athletes, who became the winners, were busy taking the commemorative photos, hanging their gold medals on the coaches’ necks.
During the Asian Games, a video clip of Coach Park carefully rubbing the injured Vietnamese player's foot with a massage machine spread online, touching the people watching it.
With the soccer team’s victory after victory, the Vietnamese citizens continued to cheer with the Vietnamese flag, red flag with a gold star, rushing out into the streets, and major cities and squares were transformed into a festival field filled with motorcycle parades and red firecrackers.
According to the local media, many companies have shortened their work hours by 1 or 2 hours, considering that the semifinal against Korea is held at 4:00 p.m. at the local time.
Chang-rim Ahn was unable to compete with Ono for 4 minutes in regular time and had an unyielding match with the exchange of 2 shidos in the extra time.
Chang-rim Ahn diligently prepared to beat Ono ahead of this match and showed his incredible effort on the day, but he had to put off his revenge.
South Korea and Japan will play the finals of the Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games Men's Soccer in 2018 at the Pakan sari Stadium in Chibinong, Indonesia at 8:30 p.m. on September 1st.
With Ui-jo Hwang reserved the tournament's top scorer by scoring 9 goals, Seung-woo Lee, Heung-min Son, and Hee-chan Hwang each also scored more than one goal.
Japan has set the goal of this Asian Games to give young athletes experience in the international tournament in preparation for the Tokyo Olympics in their country in 2020.
Paragliding, adopted for the first time in the event, is divided into a cross-country where one takes a specified turn point and arrives at the target point, and a precise landing race that determines how precisely one lands at a 5m radius target.
There is no sign of dark shadow leaving the South American economy, as the foreign capital outflow is accelerated by the aftermath of the trade war that shook the global village.
The concerns have spread that Argentina, which has suffered the economic hardship over the past few years due to its Populist Policy of increasing public spending, will not be able to repay its 24.9 billion dollars debt that is due next year, and the value of the peso has plummeted as investors, fearing a foreign exchange crisis, are fleeing quickly.
As of now, chances are high that politicians who have been sentenced to prison will be banned from running for office by applying the 'Fisha Limpa' law, which limits their electoral eligibility.
The part-time workers have also raised suspicions that the company has created a new contract that has the changed pay day after the employment and has not even notified it properly.
The match between South Korea and Japan is more than just a gold medal winning final.
Starting with the match against Bahrain on the 15th (Korean time), Korea once again is enjoying a soccer craze following the World Cup.
Ui-jo Hwang was initially selected as a ’tongue to fill' the vacancy at a time when the timing of the departure of players playing in Europe has not been decided clearly yet.
He has a well-built body, quick center force, good ball touch skills, and high-quality dribbling those even make the European defenders to struggle.
He got a ball from Seung-woo Lee and led a tackle with a quick breakthrough, and Lee quickly rushed the ball that flowed in from the messy situation to score.
The 17-day journey in the Asian Games will be a valuable experience and asset to Hee-chan Hwang in his life long and soccer career.
This file was written by Christopher Steele, a former MI6 agent, which is the UK Secret Intelligence Service, and FBI agent at the request of 'Fusion GPS,' a private intelligence firm.
At around 7:50 p.m. on the 28th, A(49) drowned after his vehicle flooded near Wolneung Bridge near the Dongbu Expressway, and at 12:24 a.m. on the 30th, B(57) fell and died while taking photos of the rising stream from a stair railing in Jangheung-myeon, Yangju, Gyeonggi Province.
The companies will provide discounts, souvenirs and prizes to tourists who visit Jeju during the event period.
The tourists who visit Jeju Island during the event period can receive a variety of benefits such as large discounts and additional souvenirs from different businesses by using lodging, rental cars, tourist attractions, restaurants, and souvenirs.
The festival that embodies Jeju's cultural characteristics such as the Jeju Haenyeo Festival and Yongyeon Sunsang Music Concert is scheduled to be held in September, and the event is expected to add the excitement to the festival.
Jeju Tourism Association is planning to invite online participation by making reservations and payment of Jeju tourist products possible by linking the list of participating companies and linking the shopping websites to each company.
The Jeju provincial government will actively promote through the major online portals and SNS so that more tourists can participate in this event, and will promote this event to domestic tourists through Jeju Tourism Promotion Offices located in major cities (Seoul, Busan, Gwangju).
The contest was designed to revitalize the local economy by transforming the underwater environment of the Goseong-gun with submerged underwater scenery into tourism resources.
The ranking of the contest will be determined by summing up the score of the on-site evaluation and expert evaluation, and the gift certificate worth 3 million won in total will be awarded as the additional prize.
On the 30th, the women's handball team, led by Coach Kye-Cheong Lee(photo), won the gold medal in the finals of the Asian Games of Jakarta-Palembang in 2018 by defeating China by 29-23.
Coach Lee served as the head coach of Samcheok City Hall team in Gangwon-do for 15 years from 2004, and led the team to victory at the 2014 World Women's Junior Championships.
In the morning of 31st, when the heavy rain watch was issued, the houses and the vehicles parked on an alleyway near Juwol-dong, Nam-gu, Gwangju, are flooded with heavy rain.
On the 30th, Ji-hwan Oh is exchanging the greetings with Japanese players who won the Asian Games baseball Super Round where Japan defeated South Korea by 5:1 at GBK Baseball Stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia.
In addition, 78.5mm of rain fell on Wolya in Hampyeong, 73mm on Bongsan in Damyang, 66.5mm on Jido in Shinan, and 63mm on Sangmudae in Jangseong.
According to the city of Gwangju, there were 4 reports on damages caused by floods on the roads, houses and commercial districts in Nam-gu, 20 reports on flooded roads in Gwangsan-gu, and 3 reports on flooded roads in Buk-gu.
Before the far-off period of history, the humans were finally able to move away from their long hunting-gathering lives, settle in one place and start farming.
Alexandria is a city named after Alexander the Great of Macedonia, and it is Egypt's 2nd largest city that is close to the Mediterranean Sea and has long been the center of scholarship, culture, religion and art.
After the Suez Canal, Egypt became a strategically important link between the UK and India, the largest colony, and was militarily occupied by the United Kingdom since 1882.
It was declared an independent nation in 1922, but it was merely a statement of independence and was in fact formulated as a Protectorate of the United Kingdom only separate from the Osman Turk Empire.
Egypt's mainstream military and secular forces were intolerant of the Islamist regime, which represented Arab nationalism, and the majority of Islamist regime were powerless people living in the provinces.
Korea's use of big data is low, because of the regulations on personal information protection which are exceptionally high compared to global advanced countries.
In-bee Park, who had been on a break since she was eliminated from the 4th major competition of the season, the Ricoh Women’s British Open, reported 4 birdies and 1 bogey.
The athletes who showed their outstanding performances in this tournament as much as men's soccer team did will try to bring it to a successful conclusion by winning the bronze medal.
In the Asian Games, the cycling team secured 6 gold medals, 2 silver medals, and 3 bronze medals with Ah-reum Na’s outstanding performance.
On the 30th, Hyundai Motors said it plans to launch a large-scale solar power generation project with Ulsan City and the Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co., to establish a foothold for the expansion of renewable energy supply.
Hyundai Motors will be in charge of leasing the site and equity investment, Ulsan City in licenses and administrative support, the Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co., in equity investment and business promotion and management, and Hyundai Commercial in financial advisory.
The roof-type solar panel is installed while maintaining the existing applications such as the finished vehicle waiting area, which maximizes utilization of the site and is free from environmental damage.
Hyundai Motors plans to use an Energy Storage System (ESS) based on the recycled batteries from eco-friendly vehicles such as electric vehicles as solar power generation linkage systems.
Hyundai Motors is actively participating in the development of eco-friendly renewable energy, including the construction of a roof-generating solar power generation system at the Asan plant in Chungnam in 2013, producing 11.5 million kWh of electricity annually.
KHNP will sell electricity from the power plants and generate electricity sales revenue, while Hyundai Motors will receive the land use fees for providing the site.
Starbucks will test-use the most used ice drink straws at 100 stores starting the 10th of next month, and then expand the usage of its 5 different types of straws nationwide in November.
The proclamation has made it possible for exemption of tariff and quota to be applied to certain items through the application of an exception for countries that have accepted quotas on condition that they are exempted from 25% on steel tariffs including Korea, Argentina and Brazil.
Korea negotiated with the US in March to limit exports of steel to 70% of the average amount of supply in 2015-2017 and was exempted from applying tariffs.
With the exception of Korean steel products allowed, it is expected that export will be easier for items that have already filled quotas such as steel pipes.
The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) analyzed that what happened in Iran's parliament shows that those who criticized President Trump's cancellation of the Iran nuclear agreement were right.
On the 28th, Kim(49) drowned because he was unable to escape from his vehicle as the water level near Wolneung Bridge rose near Seoul Dongbu Expressway.
The Bank of Korea, the government-run banks, the nationwide commercial banks, and the Ministry of SMEs and Startups have decided to expand the new funding support around Thanksgiving for SMEs and small business owners to 32 trillion won this year from 27 trillion won last year.
On the 30th, Korea won the semifinal against Taiwan by 89-66 at Gelora Bung Karno (GBK) Istora basketball stadium.
This tournament’s national team presented an outstanding performance with a total of 32 goals in 6 matches, including a 12-0 victory over Indonesia in the group stage.
The public institution has been establishing regional development plans in accordance with the revision of the Special Act on Innovative City, and is carrying out a total of 244 projects such as the reconstruction of the Shina shipyard, the construction of the space component test center, and the development of local industries.
The project to build the Goseong UAV town, which was selected as an investment promotion zone by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, and Transport on the 1st, will be carried out through a public development method along with LH by investing about 71 billion won in total project costs from 2019 to 2023.
Ju-mi Lee won the gold medal in the cycling pursuit women’s final by catching up China’s Wang Hong at Jakarta International Velodrome in Jakarta on the 30th.
Chang-rim Ahn, who had lost all of 4 games to Ono before the match, played equally well after the start of the match, avoiding Ono's inner thigh throw.
Chungnam-do has assigned 3 species of wildlife, including “great knot," which has been rapidly declining in population, as 'Chungnam Wildlife Protected Species.'
The Chungnam Wildlife Protected Species are assigned for the systematic management of special and rare wildlife that are rapidly declining in the population or are considered to be worthy of scholarly and economic protection, as well as 267 species of nationally endangered species.
Yangyang-gun opened a police station in Yangyang-eup in 1954, but was transferred to the jurisdiction of Sokcho Police Station when Sokcho was promoted to the city in 1963, and now Yangyang Patrol Division is the only place taking charge of public safety.
The theme includes the development direction of youth space and the direction of youth policy for staying in Daejeon, and there will also be a venue of promoting the youth activities and policies of Daejeon.
The men's soccer, which has drawn the attention with Son's participation, the men’s baseball, which has a controversy over the military service exemption, and women's basketball, which is a unified team from the two Koreas, will all play the final match.
Even before the start of the competition, the national baseball team suffered from the raising suspicion that the exemption for military service was taken into account in selecting the national team.
In an interview ahead of the a holy assembly, Reverend Jang-won Seo said the recent interest of Argentinean Christianity is the next generation’s ministry and stopping the activities of Shincheonji.
If a second runner hit the home with a Ji-hwan Oh’s hit, it would have been 10 points difference and they would have been able to apply the 7th inning called game rule.
Both South Korea and Japan have secured a silver medal, but with Korea and Japan in the final, it is an unavoidable match that cannot be pulled back.
The women's rights organizations and others strongly criticized that such remarks’ of the president might give misperception about sexual violence. 
With export unit prices rising 7.0% and amount of exports also rising for the 5th straight months, some predict that exports will surpass 600 billion dollars this year for the first time.
The increase in exports is attributed to the strong global manufacturing economies such as the US and China, Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth in major economies, and rising oil and main commodity prices.
The cumulative exports during the January-August period of this year rose 6.6% from the same period of the last year to $399.8 billion, and it is the largest performance ever.
The cumulative exports during the January-August period of this year rose 6.6% from the same period of the last year to $399.8 billion, and it is the highest ever.
China continued the export growth for 22 consecutive months due to the increase exports of semiconductors because of the increased demand for data servers and mobile DRAMs, and also due to the increase exports of petrochemicals, general machinery, oil products and steel products because of the strong Chinese manufacturing economy.
On the 31st, Ji-hyun Ahn posted a picture of her wearing the Taegukgi hairband and a T-shirt with "TEAM KOREA" written in English on it.
Ji-hyun Ahn is a cheerleader for Nexen Heroes, a professional baseball team, Seoul SK Knights, a professional basketball team, and Seoul Woori Card Wibee, a professional volleyball team.
Jung-hyun Lee’s defense by throwing himself nonstop, Sun-hyung Kim’s spectacular dribble breakthrough, and Joon-beom Jun's 3-point shots shower were all good.
Even when they were far ahead, they would show their resentment by throwing the basketball onto the floor if they allowed the Taiwanese players such as Liu Cheng to score.
Goldschmidt, who has been playing as the MVP again after overcoming an extreme slump in the beginning of this season, showed his strong performance against Hyun-jin Ryu.
On the 1st, the South Korean men's soccer team won the gold medal by 2-1 at the end of the battle until the extra time against Japan in 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games final in Pakansari Stadium, Cibinong, Jawa Barat, Indonesia.
Throughout this tournament, Son has shown himself focusing on tiki-taka play with the teammates rather than being greedy with scoring a goal.
for soccer at the Asian Games, all participating countries had an equal selection method, with the age limit of 23 or younger and three wild card players (23 or older).
Ji-hwan Oh (28) of the LG Twins and Hae-min Park (28) of the Samsung Lions, who were being criticized for dodging military service by giving up joining the police department and the military sports team last year, has caused public opinion to deteriorate.
In the events like Asian Games, they should play more of the amateur players or limit the age of the professional players to 23 or younger to give opportunities to future resources.
Even in the second half of the extra time, which he played full-time, he constantly interrupted the Japanese strikers by throwing his whole body to cut off their flow with his tackle and covering up the back space.
With her shots drawing exceptionally high parabola breaking through the rim one after another, Korea, which had been dragged helplessly early in the game, began to gain momentum.
Yong-hee Lim jumped high to rebound in the defense, bumped into a Chinese player, and fell hard on the floor with a ‘thump' sound.
Players playing overseas such as Heung-min Son, Seung-woo Lee, Ui-jo Hwang, and Hee-chan Hwang can no longer be held back by the military service issue and focus more on their career without worrying about returning to the K-League.
Many overseas players such as Heung-min Son, Hee-chan Hwang, and Seung-woo Lee had less time to adjust to the national team because they each came back at different times due to their own teams’ respective matters.
A new coach needs a chance to melt his own soccer philosophy, but there was no test board for the national team to manage players and conduct tactical experiments.
No one questioned the selection of Heung-min son, who is also a top player on the European stage, and Hyun-woo Cho, a goalkeeper who played well at the 2018 World Cup in Russia, but somehow they negatively questioned the selection of Ui-jo Hwang.
His good sense of goals, which led to 9 goals this season in the Japanese League, and his time as the "King of the Seongnam" under Coach Kim's leadership, were also disparaged under such cynicism.
He selected the player who can best be used according to his tactical judgment and who has the highest understanding of his philosophy.
He played in all matches including 3 rounds of the preliminaries and the finals, and showed his best performance in response to Coach Kim's faith.
He often made appearances under his former coach Uli Stielike, but failed to show impressive performances and was completely forgotten under Coach Tae-yong Shin, failing to be on the list of 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
There will also be a moment of defeat and slump in the process of understanding the composition and characteristics of the players in detail and melting down his own philosophy and style.
It is time for the fans to trust and cheer for the growing team of Bento from a long-term perspective without being swayed by the moment's consequences.
Yong-bok Cho, the father of South Korea's national football team goalkeeper Hyun-woo Cho, said that he stayed in front of the TV with a prayer throughout the men's football final at the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games against Japan on the 1st.
Hyun-woo Cho was replaced in the round of 16 match against Iran due to pain in his left knee, and at the end of the semifinal where he returned as the starting lineup, he was seen collapsing on the ground.
The 2nd-place story of all the South Koreans athletes who did their best for this tournament is the proud 1st-place story of our athletes.
On a day when raindrops poured down for the first time during the tournament, as if to wash the tiredness of the tournament, the athletes from each country, who were entering the Gelora Bung Karno (GBK) Stadium, smiled brightly, regardless of their achievements.
This Asian Games is also said to have had many problems in the overall operation process, including the poor state of the athletes' village.
The touch controls on both sides of the steering wheel were convenient when simply operating the system, such as the instrument panel menu, but the controller, which should be handled like a mouse, felt quite inconvenient when entering an address into the navigation.
In addition, Seo-young Kim and Hye-rim Jung won the only gold medals in swimming and track-and-field, respectively, avoiding the humiliation of "No Gold" for 2 consecutive events.
In Judo, Chang-rim Ahn, a 3rd-generation Korean-Japanese, knelt down on his knees in a doubtful result to a Japanese player in the final and cried.
Even in the match against Japan in quarterfinal of the judo coed team, South Korean players could not leave the mat for a while after the game due to the doubtful application of the rules.
The Sumuk Biennale will display some 300 works from 15 countries until the end of October at 6 exhibition halls, including the Mokpo Culture & Art Center in Mokpo, which is the home of Namjonghwa, and Unlimsanbang in Jindo.
The Ain Zara Prison, located in the southeast of Tripoli, is a prison where a large number of people who support former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi are imprisoned.
Earlier in Tripoli, at least 39 people were dead and 96 others injured in recent fight between armed groups, including a rocket attack that killed at least 2 people.
Seung-hwan Oh took the mound at the end of the 7th inning following the starter Kyle Freeland, after Colorado got a 6-3 lead, to catch his first batter Travis Jankowski's direct hit to 3rd base.
This is a pleasant comment pointing out Seung-woo Lee’s slightly wobbly appearance on the billboard after scoring a goal in the final match against Japan.
Meanwhile, the chairman of the Korean Sport & Olympic Committee mentioned the need to improve the existing military service benefit system offered to the male athletes who have won Olympic medals or Asian Games gold medals.
The plan includes the Olympic and Asian Games as well as the World Championships, which will give military service benefits to the athletes who have accumulated a lot of mileage based on their performance.
It is also said that the athlete would be recognized as he has completed his mandatory military service after receiving 4 weeks of basic military training and then working in a medal-winning sport for 3 years.
In addition, in case of the Asian Games, the baseball community itself should consider how to select players based on age restrictions like the soccer community does.
It will be a way to ease the anger of the baseball fans at some players’ ‘exemption from military servcie gold medal’.
The festival, selected as the best festival by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism this year, will run through September 9th with various performances and events at Hyoseok Hill of Light, Buckwheat Flower Garden and Bongpyeong Market under the theme of 'Relations, Love and Memories.'
Ji-hwan Oh was criticized by the fans for using the Asian Games as an opportunity to be exempted from the military service by giving up joining the police department and the military sports team.
Woods got 3-under 68 in the 3rd round of the Dell Technologies Championship in the second round of the PGA Tour playoffs at TPC Boston (par 71) in Boston, Massachusetts on the 3rd (Korean time).
Woods is tied for 16th at 7-under 206, 6 shots behind the leader, Abraham Ancer, after hitting in his 60s for the 2 straight days following the previous day.
On the 3rd, Jeju Air announced that it will enter the domestic cargo ship business of Jeju-Kimpo route with a maximum transport capacity of about 15 tons per day from the 17th.
Jeju Air has been carrying out international cargo transportation business since 2012, but the domestic cargo business has been delayed due to insufficient cargo terminals at each airport.
Through this tournament, Ui-jo Hwang is considered to be the next player to successfully continue the family tree of authentic South Korean striker after Sun-hong Hwang.
Among the collections are Egyptian artifacts and the skulls of a female from 12,000 years ago, the oldest in the American Continent.
On the 3rd, Jeju Island announced that it plans to set up a service for 'Guideline for Unit Planning of the Jeju District' in order to realize the future value of 'clean and coexistence' through environmental preservation starting this month.
In this service, they will analyze the data to examine new urban planning techniques and specific application methods those match the characteristics of Jeju, such as planning permission system, pre-negotiation system, and advanced management.
As the new coach Fabio Grosso has expressed his intention to make him as a key player in Verona, he is expected to be the main player of the team.
A fish shop owner who spotted this point put a fake eyeball sticker on a fish to make the fish look fresher, but got caught.
The soccer team head coach Paulo Bento defined the FIFA World Cup in Russia, which failed to advance to the round of 16, as "not a failure," and promised to make a good result at the 2019 AFC Asian Cups in the United Arab Emirates.
On the 2nd, Ssangyong Motor Co. announced the launch of the 2019 model of the Tivoli, which the one would be able to decorate 'my own Tivoli' by adding 3 new designs to the hood, fender and door garnish.
A new boot gear shift with high consumer preferences and a new Hill Descent Control (HDC) that can change speed within a range of 5km to 30 km per hour has been applied inside the vehicle.
South Korea coincidentally played against these teams in the tournament due to their defeat to Malaysia, and their teamwork became stronger to finally win the championship.
The South Korean national soccer team won the 2014 Incheon Asian Games under the lead of the late Kwang-jong Lee, but faced the distrust of the Korean coaches as they passed through the World Cup in Russia.
As young players including Seung-woo Lee (Hellas Verona), who scored 4 goals in this tournament, are showing their great performances, they now have higher chances to be selected for the national team.
For the two-sided communication, choosing the coffee type that suits your preference and the handicapped employees taking the orders based on that also drew the attention.
Seung-hwan Cho(51), a 'barefoot man,' who reports the issues of our society through his 'barefoot performances' with his superhuman spirit and strength, made his barefoot climb to the top of Hallasan Mountain in Jeju on the 3rd.
Kim, who earned a national certification for nutritionists, submitted applications to general companies, a prayer house, and a school for the physically disabled to get a job, but failed.
In addition to being an Asian, her being from Non Governmental Organization (NGO) instead of the scholars, being a disabled herself, and being a woman and not a man were all the disadvantages in this election.
Ji-hwan Oh was criticized for trying to use the Asian Games as an opportunity to be exempted from the military service and giving up joining the police department and the military sports team.
Kang-in Lee and Seung-ho Baek, who are showing rapid growth on the Spanish League, and Woo-young Jung, who made his 1st team debut in Bayern Munich in July, are expected to be the main players.
This indicates that he was deeply struggling amid controversy over not only his rainbow flick, but also his bad manner against opposing defender throughout the Asian Games.
A total of 42 players of the South Korean national teams participating in this Asian Games, including 20 players from the national soccer team and 9 players from the baseball team, including Ji-hwan Hwang, have received military service benefits.
On the day of the delivery ceremony, children from elementary schools in Daejeon, in particular, made a direct appeal to the City Councilor Lee by expressing opinions such as 'prohibition of cultural discrimination' and 'building a children's library'.
A total of 60,000 people participated in the campaign, which took place nationwide through May and June to mark the 7th Nationwide Local Election, on and off-line routes, including Naver's Happy Bean page.
When divided into the “4 Categories of Child Rights" defined by the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, 7,300 (48.7%) Right to Development, 3,823 (25.4%) Right to Survival, 2,855 (19%) Right to Protection, and 490 (3.3 %) Right to Participation were proposed.
In addition, opinions on the Right to Survival were expressed on environmental issues such as the elimination of fine dust and the establishment of air purifiers in schools, and the demand for protection from school violence and abuse.
As it began to rain from the afternoon of March 3rd, there were large and small damages to the Chungcheong area, such as the collapse of the pier of the Bugang-myeon in Sejong City.
Sejong City, which recorded 137 mm of rain on average, issued a heavy rain watch at 6:20 p.m. and a heavy rain warning at 8 p.m. on the 3rd, and all the special warnings were lifted as of 2 a.m. on the 4th, 6 hours after the warning was issued.
The two sides agreed to sign a business agreement with about 10 officials, including Ho-cheol Shin, the president of Kangbuk Samsung Hospital, and Seok-cheol Shin, the vice president of Kakao Biz Partner, and actively cooperate in creating a chatbot that will improve convenience for users of Kangbuk Samsung Hospital.
The event will have 5 more participating organizations and 16 more programs than the last year, and safety experience programs in life were added, including escaping from apartment fires and earthquakes and experiencing the 4th industrial technology.
In addition, programs to share knowledge such as safety experience and motto contest, and safety Golden Bell contest, as well as audiovisual programs for children, such as musicals, magic and puppet shows, have been prepared.
As 3.5 million people including the residents, rebels, and refugees live in Idlib, a huge casualties are expected if the attack begins.
President Al-Assad had a meeting with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif in the capital, Damascus, and agreed on the need to recapture Idlib.
Chungnam National University held an opening ceremony for the 'Lee In-gu Human Resources Center' at 11 a.m. on the 4th with officials including Deok-sung Oh, the president of Chungnam National University, Seung-koo Han, the chairman of Gyeryong Construction, and Seung-chan Lee, the president, and Jong-seol Yoon, the chairman of the Gyeryong Scholarship Foundation.
‘Cheongryong Hall’ which served as a dormitory for students preparing for the national examinations such as judicial, administrative and technical exams, was remodeled into Lee In-gu Human Resources Center.
The remodeling project was realized in March, when Chungnam National University and Gyeryong Group signed "industrial and academic cooperation to foster local goods" to mark the 1st anniversary of the late chairman In-gu Lee.
In-gu Lee(Class of 1961, School of Law at Chungnam National University), the honorary chairman of Chungnam National University, who passed away in May last year, practiced his love for his school by giving special lectures to students, as well as donating for the Cheongryong Hall construction fund, the Yurim bookstore book fund, the Graduate School of Law scholarship fund, and the development fund.
Some analysts said that the Korean Peninsula may have changed to a subtropical climate after seeing the heavy rain with a cumulative rainfall of around 500 mm for a short period of time following the heat wave reaching over 40 degrees Celsius.
The experts have urged to implement the meticulous disaster prevention measures, such as drainage checks and snow removal, to avoid damage from the heavy rains and heavy snow, and above all, have called for national and regional mid- to long-term measures to prepare for climate change.
The Incheon city earlier discussed the working population and conditions of the disabled with Didim CO., LTD. in cooperation with the Incheon Association for Disabled Persons Information (Chairman Han Geum-joo) and the Incheon Association for the Welfare of the People with Intellectual Disabilities (Chairman Kim Sung-ki).
Smilegate Alphage has stepped up its development to boost the index by holding an event for those playing in the PC rooms since the launch of Lost Ark service in November last year.
If Yongin is selected as the semiconductor cluster after the deliberation of the Seoul Metropolitan Area Readjustment Committee, it will be the first exmaple of Moon Jae-in's administration restrictions on the the metropolitan area.
Since the volume allocated to the metropolitan area cannot exceed 20% of the total supply, SK hynix needs to get approval for the special volume in order to set up a semiconductor manufacturing plant as they planned.
The Paju LCD Complex has been allocated for general supplies while Dongtan and Pyeongtaek have been allocated for special volumes like SK Hynix requested and have created industrial complexes.
Some say that the plan to create a large scale of an industrial complex again in the metropolitan area is against the plan for balanced national development of the Moon Jae-in's administration.
Earlier on the 9th, the Gangwon Province Express Union held a vote on the strike and and the support for the strike was 96.6%.
The winners will receive a certificate with 2 million won for Grand Prize(1) and 1.5 million won for Gold Prizes (2), 700,000 won for Silver Prizes (3), 300,000 won for Bronze Prizes(3) and 200,000 won for the Runner-ups and Subsidies (5 for each).
The midfielders who was supposed to form the waist of the team got injured in row and Lee Kang-in, who showed impressive performance in an internal evaluation match, standed out when they were searching for players to call up from the second division
If there are no changes affected by the players' injuries, teams ranked at the midle or lower middle usually hire promising teenagers after the 30th round.
For this reason, the teams with ambiguous strategies often lose to weaker teams or are defeated by strong teams fighting for the title of championship by a large margin at this time.
If teams advance to the European tournament, the advertising fees, broadcasting right fees and ticket sales of the teams will go up significantly.
That's why we understand the reason Head Marcelino rather takes a somehow passive attitude, not making experimental choices at this point.
It's understandable fans have pride of having the youngest La Liga player in Asia but that expectations from fans could stop his growth.
Fans hopes that if he's selected for the national team and builds up his confidence, it will serve as a stepping stone for him to show good performance back in his leage team 
The players, who are playing for their national team at the age of Lee Kang-in, already prove themselves to be promising after they established themselves as good players in their leage teams.
The Korean Association of Local Government Studies and the Department of Public Policy Studies at Busan National University have selected the some cases after finding and reviewing local governments' independent policies throughout the country which can be the guidelines for other regions.
Shinchon Box Square is a containerized public rental house open in September last year and built by Seodaemun-gu in front of Shinchon Station on the central line of Gyeongui, where public restrooms used to be located, in order to switch street vendors to the self-employed, create jobs through youth start-ups and activate local commercial area.
Shinchon Box Square also won the "Public Design Award for Upgrading Quality of Life" at the 2018 Korea Public Design Awards hosted by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and won the top award at the "2018 Seoul Local Government Best Administrative Cases Conference" hosted by the city of Seoul.
Mesures need to be taken to control drifting-blowing dust such as adjusting the construction time on sites that generate drifting-blowing for excavation, operating sprinkler trucks and installing covers.
The team won won three games in a row in the premier leage and also beat the intractable German Borussia Dortmund 3-0 on Champions League 16 first leg on 14th.
As Kane's position in the team is absolute, attention is also focused on how Pochettino will redraw the combination of offense.
Even if the number of his shooting fell, his skill to penetrate the defense with his high speed and his post-play with keen scoring have becomeTottenham's powerful weapons.
Pochettino who has now 2 cards on hand, needs to deal with happy worries between Kane who returned from the injury, and Son Heung-min, who is showing off the greatest sense of scoring currently.
Kim Hyuk-kyu took the MVP in all sets, making Jayaro 8 kills, 1 death, 8 assists in the 1st set and Izreal 2 kills, 0 death, 8 assists in the 2nd set.
Kim Hyuk-kyu smiled unnaturally when he was asked whether he knew the fad ward "deft ending", which was coined due to his effective performance these days, 
Altai Baio CO., LTD. wil fully in charge of raising fly larvae with processed sulfur and selling the larvaes as feed or feed additives and also transferring the Aquamaguanix Farming technology, which is a technology of existing the Aquamaguanix Farming technology combined with the fly larvaes with processed sulfur.
It is remarkable that this project will provide 20 million won worth of "export vouchers (23 million won or less with 30% of company pay included)," with which companies can choose and use the desired export support services.
Companies willing to participate can apply online at(www.exportvoucher.com) for about three weeks from 27th of this month to 20th of the next month.
On 22nd, the Paju Agricultural Technology Center held a meeting to review agriculture policy in Paju and selected candidates for the agricultural technology distribution project, attended by the deliberation committee consisting of heads of agriculture-related agencies and the head of farming organization and agricultural-related experts.
The Pohang city said on 24th that a visiting delegation led by Mayor Lee Kang-deok visited the Russian city of Petrofavlovsk Kamchatzki on 22nd to meet Mayor Ivanenko Vitali and Deputy Governor Subota Marina Kamchatka and to signed a business cooperation agreement to promote mutual development.
Thanks to Cho Jae-sung's outstanding performance, OK Savings Bank beat Woori Card 3-1 in the sixth round of the 2018-19 season V League at Sangnoksu Gymnasium on 24th.
Cho Jae-sung, who was selected for the starting line up from this season, is playing his role, ranking 7th in serving and 13th in scoring in the league.
Yoon Dae-young was caught by police in early monring of that day on a road in front of COEX in southern Seoul when he fell asleep in his car while driving under the influence of alcohol.
Singapore writer Tang Dawoo started to create his 79-year-old installation work "Ditches and Curtains" as his neighborhood of the land was demolished according to urban redevelopment.
This is because consumers are opening their wallets to give good things to their children, grandchildren and nephews for the new semester.
The center has a basic goal of enjoying "the pleasure of driving" but also pursues the cultural place where the whole family can enjoy together.
Critics say that the government is pushing forward a new policy even though it has already defined Lee Myung-bak administration's four-river project as a great accumulation of corruption and made conclusions in advance.
The financier, considered one of the world's top three investors along with Warren Buffett and George Soros, claims it is the way to become rich.
Many people felt sorry for the other players who became embarrassed when Chelsea goalkeeper Kefa Arizabala refused to come off the pitch and be substituted.
Some said this player was disgraced right in front of his old team as it was revealed that he was once a member of the team.
Chelsea goalkeeper Willie Cabayero quickly took off his training suit according to the coach's order at 12 minutes in the second period of extra time of the 2018-19 England Football League Cup finals at Wembley Stadium in London on 25th (Korean time).
Kepa refused the coach's order and stayed on the ground at 12 minutes in the second period of extra time of the 2018-19 England Football League (EFL) Cup finals against Manchester City at Wembley Stadium in London on 25th (Korean time).
Jindu Port was designated as a local fishing port in February 1986 and was selected as a candidate for a national fishing port with potential for development after the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries conducted a feasibility study to select a national fishing port but it has been delayed.
Jindu Port is a popular fishing spot with easy ecess to the Seoul metropolitan area and plans to foster it as a hub for marine tourism by creating a dock for fishing leisure, water facilities and parking lots.
As Jindu Port has newly been designated as a national fishing port, 48.9 billion won will be spent for three years under the "establishment of a basic plan for Jindu Port," which will expand the country's insufficient encounter facilities and improve docking system and safety.
During the competition, the NC Cultural Foundation will send its filming team to Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates, to produce and distribute a planned video titled "A Dangerous Companion," "A Steady Companion" and "Beautiful Companion," which will feature South Korean athletes' performances from the opening to the closing day.
The 2019 Abu Dhabi Special Olympics World Underground Competition, which opens on March 14, will be held in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, until March 21, with 10,500 athletes from a total of 190 countries participating.
The Korean team will depart on March 8, with 106 athletes participating in a total of 12 sports, including weightlifting, table tennis, roller, body, track and field, golf, volleyball, basketball, unified football, women's football, swimming and badminton.
The hotels and resort brands that Icent Inc. has so far carried out aroma marketing in include Jeju Myth World, Starwood-affiliated hotels and Rescape hotels.
Christophe Rodamiel, chief perfumer of Icent Inc. and perfumers exclusive to the company and Scent Director Choe Ah-reum continue to develop various brand of signature scents and move forward fragrance culture projects.
The city will reflect opinions on the survey of residents' satisfaction and improvement after a trial run of Happy Taxi in 20 villages this year and aims to implement Happy Taxi in all towns and counties next year.
Jeju Island announced on the 25th that it will continue to carry out facility projects (replacement of LED lights and improvement of gas facilities for low-income households) and welfare projects (energy vouchers and utility rate support for vulnerable people) to reduce energy costs and prevent safety accidents for the vulnerable.
The project to replace LED lights for low-income families is to invest a total of 523 million won to replace three lights per household with LED lights aimed for the recipients of national basic livelihood guarantees.
The energy support project for vulnerable households, which will be funded by the Jeju Wind Resource Sharing Fund, is aimed to provide utility rate support the households with disabled people and those with 40 % of median incomes or less during a very hot period. 
The main point of the plan is to reduce the ratio of floor area and the number of floors of the apartment in non-public facilities (the ratio of floor area at 228% and 29 floors) so that the development can be done within the scope that the park's functions are not damaged.
Based on decisions made on by conditional agreements, the city plans to carry out special projects in accordance with relevant laws on impact assessment, environmental impact assessment, agreement settlement and designation of business owners.
This bidding to select a fixed-wireless broadcasting right operator was carried out in an open bidding, walking out of existing way of practicing private contracts.
On 22nd, the city appointed 23 private experts from each sector as external auditors to carry out auditing work professionally and transparently in line with the growing demaind for administrative specialization and advanced technology.
The city held a meeting to explain the schedule and direction of the audit this year and collect opinions and improvements from experts who will participate in the self-audit.
The external audit system is a system in which private experts are registered as labor pools and participate in self-audit when professional audit activities are needed in the field.
The two companies expect to expand their e-sports business across the world in a short period of time by utilizing the "T1" brand and intellectual property rights.
It allows viewers to watch high-definition videos without any interruption even if they watch in the larger size by sending sports games in ultra-high-definition videos in real time.
In Apex Legend, participants will select one of the eight "legend" characters and make groups of 3 members. They will acquire items in each map of the region, fighting in battles. The one who survives will be the winner.
The game has a system that will help the beginners play easily and at fast-paced as items are classified by colors, therefore easily differenciated and the gun accessories are automatically installed.
The amount of credit-trading loan balance has been on the decline since it hit 9.7444 trillion won on Dec. 3 last year but has been on the rise again since Sept. 3 (9.3548 trillion won).
The Environment Ministry earlier tried to open seven reservoirs of the Nakdong River, except Chilgok Reservoir and monitor the effect of opening the floodgates last year but the it's been delayed due to opposition from farmers near the upper three reservoirs.
With veteran stars such as Jeon Ju-won, Jung Sun-min and Ha Eun-joo at the center, young players such as Choi Yoon-ah, Kim Dan-bi, Kang Young-sook and Kim Yeon-joo joined the team and displayed flawless plays. 
As Real Madrid, a club in Spain's LaLiga, is known as an invincible giant with excellent players, it was nicknamed "Real Shinhan".
While hitting .264 with 21 home runs and 62 RBIs in 146 games last year, he ranked at 15th overall in the Major League and 7th in the American League with a .423 OBP.
Delino DeShields, 27, was once considered as a candidate for the first batter but he only hitted .216 with 2 home runs and 22 RBIs in 106 games last year and had a .310 on-base percentage.
With shooter Kang Yi-seul scoring the most points with 24 points including 4 three-pointers and nine rebounds, guards Shin Ji-hyun (17 points, 6 assists) and Go Ara (13 points, 3 assists) also did their share.
The two companies plan to jointly run SK Telecom's existing professional game team and earn the team's own operating income by producing and distributing contents and winning the prize money.
To minimize side effects and social conflicts, not only the effects on ecology and water quality but also the economy should be fully reviewed through monitoring for the medium and long term before they reach a conclusion 
Depending on the level of sanctions relief to the North Korea, it will be decided whether the path to the North Korea will be open or the current status quo will continue.
In other words, depending on the outcome of the talks, it can be a historical moment for our nation to seek a leap to a true peninsula country, escaping from an political island nation.
According to the Korea International Trade Association's trade statistics, Korea's exports to China in 2015 accounted for 99.7% of transport by sea and 0.3 % of transport by air.
Despite worsening export conditions caused by the U.S.-China trade conflict last year, Korea surpassed 600 billion dollars in annual exports, increasing 5.5% from the previous year, which is more meaningful in that China and the U.S. are the first and second trading countries.
Taking advantage of the world-recognized South Korean K-beauty, K-pop, and unique cultural assets on the Korean Peninsula, including Mount Geumgang and Mount Paekdu in North Korea, will also contribute greatly to the development of the tourism industry of the two Koreas.
This amounts about 7 to 8 % of the annual budget, which is expected to cause difficulties in managing tax revenues in the future.
We hope that the Korean Peninsula will be reborn as a true trade hub, linking people and goods from the world, through the North Korea-U.S. summit this time and the inter-Korean summit in the future.
A combined marine culture port belt will be built, ranging from Yeongjong and Naehang to Namhang and the natural environment of Yeongjong International City from the open port area will be used as historical, cultural and tourism resources.
First of all, we have seen the history and life of Jung-gu recorded as assets for the re-creation of the future value of Jung-guwe and have established 'Basic Plan for History and Cultural Heritage Preservation' to preserve it and pass it on to our future generations.
Along with the plan for preservation of history and cultural heritages, we will develop the historical and cultural contents of Jung-gu's independence movement, which we will talk about later, we will let people feel the traces of a vivid independence movement by walking and experiencing the streets that independence activists used to walk on in the past.
Submitting an entry with the 'Sinheung-dong Compathy Village' project, Jung-gu was selected selected as the final choice for the New Deal Regeneration project in Aug last year, which has been a key national political agenda of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport since the inauguration of Moon Jae-in administration and it already secured a total of 254 billion won with governement expenses included and 831 billion won with relevant project expenses included.
In October last year, it was selected as a leading area for urban regeneration with hard work and effort, such as holding a community meeting and operating a renewable university with Professor Na In-soo of Incheon University they apponted as a general coordinator.
Through the Sinheung-dong Community Urban Regeneration project, it will expand facilities for convenience, improve the educational environment for child care, education and crime prevention  (CEPTED) and create jobs for the residents and more support will be also privded at the distrcit level.
As old residential areas can be reorganized and houses can be provided at lower prices, this project is expected to greatly help give residential stability.
After administrative procedures such as reorganization and adjustment of the number of civil servants, it's expected that people can work at the Jung-gu 2nd Government Complex in the second half of this year.
If the open port area and the mission history in Naeri Church, the first Korean Christianity church, Naedong Anglican Church in Incheon and Dapdong Catholic Church are added to natural resources of the international city of Yeongjong, it will make a cultural city where history is still alive.
The students in this school voluntarily started fundraising to build the girl statue and their teachers, parents and alumni also gave them helping hands after hearing the news.
As the train moved back and forth to stop on the platform, the face of the woman, who appeared to be the Director of the Propaganda and Agitation Department, was revealed for a second.
Later in the day, the city will attend a presentation for application to join the UNESCO Creative City Network at the UNESCO Korea Committee in Myeong-dong, Seoul, where Mayor Han Beom-deok will present his own business plans.
In April, the city launched a committee to prepare for application to join the UNESCO Creative City Network, which consists of 15 experts from various fields, including crafts, history, cultural contents, urban regeneration and regional arts.
According to the plan, among the existing bus lines, the city will choose a bus line that matches the meaning of the Feb. 28 Democratic Movement the most and adjust bus numbers in July.
Earlier in the meeting of Moonlight Alliance civilian cooperation committee held in Daegu in the second half of last year, the establishment of a bus No. 228 in Gwangju, which symbolizes the Feb. 28 Democratic Movement, was proposed.
Changnyeong-gun said on 26th that the Changnyeong Gye-seong Ancient Tomb, which was designated as the third monument in South Gyeongsang Province in 1974, has been promoted to the National Historic Site No. 547 as the first result of "support for promotion of the Gaya remains to the National Register of Historic Site."
The excavation of Part 5 started under the supervision of the Cultural Heritage Administration in 1967 and then the excavation was conducted from 2013 to 2018 by the Gyeongnam Development Institute's Historical and Cultural Center after the Yeongnam University Museum did two researches in 1968 and 1969.
The research result shows that Gyesung Ancient Tombs building group had the central force at the beginning of Bihwa Gaya before the force of group, who created Ancient Tombs in Gyo-dong, and Songhyun-dong, Changnyeong and that the structure of the tomb depicts the change from a pit-shaped stone mound to a stone-bottomed tomb well.
A large number of items such as a roof-end plate with a lid on the Changnyeong style, earthenwares such as a barrel-shaped pot, gilt-bronze crown and the accessaries such as gold earrings and silver belt ornaments, horse belt and footrests, horse harnesses and weapons were excavated.
The designation of the Gyesung Ancient Tomb in Changnyeong is very significant as the first result of the Gaya government's support for promotion of the Gaya ruins, which South Gyeongsang Province is pushing forward as part of its national project to research and well maintain the Gaya cultural area.
The event, jointly organized by the Jeju Tourism Organization and the ferry company to publicize Chuja-do, will be held on March 9 for a first-come-first-served 100 Jeju residents who want to visit Chuja Island.
The departure to Jeju for Queenstar No.2 is 9:30 a.m. and the departure for the ferry to return to Jeju is 4:30 p.m., arriving in Jeju Island at 5:30 p.m.
This free boarding event is open to any Jeju residents (excluding groups and residents of Chuja Island) and reservations can be made at Jeju Business Headquarters of Seaworld High Speed Ferry  from July 27.
The intersection in front of Munsan Jeil High School and the Geumchon Bridge, which had been causing habitual traffic congestion, are expected to be drastically improved through the expansion of the lanes by the end of the year.
Jeju Island and the Jeju Tourism Organization said on 26th that they plan to make an announcement to recruit villages in the province to take part in the 2019 eco-party project by March 6.
The Jeju Tourism Organization will recruit participating villages in two time slots so that tourists can showcase various local resources and attractions, considering the fact that Eco-Party, which marks its fourth year this year, is held at the best time and the best season for each of the villages.
The villages selected for the project after the evaluation of the status of the village resources and the suitability of the purpose of the eco-party in the future will be provided the subsidy to hold the party.
Last year, the eco party was a big success with more than 700 tourists participating in a total of 13 villages (Shenheul 1-ri, Hannam-ri, Cheongsuri, Mureung 2-ri, Hahoe Village, Harye 1-ri, Jiri, Songdang-ri, Yusuam-ri, Yerae-dong, Topyeong Village, Hadori and Sogil-ri).
It includes the fact that 33 representatives of the Korean leaders, including Sohn Byung-hee and Kim Byung-jo, declared their independence at 2 p.m. on March 1 at Taehwagwan together with the arrest of the Korean leaders and a call for an independence movement.
They credited their active promotion of the engine technology that meets both 'China6', the emission regulations of China and fuel efficiency regulations for winning the contract. 
The energy support project for vulnerable households is aimed to provide utility rate support the households with disabled people and those with 40 % of median incomes or less during a very hot period. 
If the number of the two labor unions combined is around 2 million members, it will be hard for the remaining 18 million to negotiate labor conditions with management without labor unions.
In an exhibition game against the Cleveland Indians on 27th (Korea time), Oh Seung-hwan pitched as the third pitcher in the fourth inning and get all 3 batters out on fly balls.
Oh Seung-hwan got the first batter Tracy Thompson out on a fly ball to first base and also Brandon Barnes on a fly ball to shortstop and Daniel Johnson on a fly ball to first base as well.
Through this "Morning Prelude," a variety of new content has been added, including main scenarios and major quests, raids, total battles and instance dungeons.
Those who clear the game at difficulty level of Hero can acquire item level 405 "Omega-only Weapon" and a ride "Omega Certification Key".
About 70 executives and employees in charge of managing and operating state-owned assets attended the event, which was held at the situation room of the Korea Railroad Corporation headquarters in Daejeon the day before.
The center, with a floor area of 4,582 square meters and a gross floor area of 7,276 square meters and five-floor building and a two-floor basement, will have an indoor gym, a swimming pool of 6 lanes (25m), a fitness center, a welfare center for the elderly and a youth counseling center inside the building.
The whole area of Mountain 89-26, Cheongpyeong-ri, Cheongpyeong-myeon, which is 29,464 square meters, will have a football field, a jogging track, a multi-purpose stadium, an entry square and auxiliary facilities.
Anchor Son Seok-hee expressed interest when a journalist reported the relevant news in the newsroom on the souvenir T-shirt he bought the day before, which was held in Vietnam.
It includes a safety insurance guarantee system for all military citizens, youth entering the military, and youth entering the military, a project to support the installation of firefighting facilities for homes in the fire-fighting and vulnerable sectors, a project to support wind and water pollution insurance and a comprehensive plan to reduce natural disasters.
It was expected that his skills and sense of practice would be big concerns but he showed that he was still going strong by making hits in a row in the exhibition game on 25th.
Amid prolonged friction and confrontation over Jeju's second airport, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport has extended the revewing period for two months for the committee to study on the feasibility of location again.
Chairman of the policy committee Cho Jung-shik, Senior Vice Chairman of the Democratic Party Han Jung-ae and National Assemblymen of Jeju Kang Chang-il, Oh Young-hoon, and Sung Sung-gon,  Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport Kim Hyun-mee, Planning and Coordination Minister Kim Kyung-wook, Chief of Aviation Policy Kwon Yong-bok and Cheif of the airport's administration Kim Yong-seok participated in the meeting.
Of the total, 716 children hadn't responded so after the provincial education office checked again and then asked the police to investigate the cases of 11 children, whose whereabouts haven't been confirmed yet.
According to the ministry and police investigations, five of the 11 people whose whereabouts had not been confirmed departed abroad while five has been transferred to other regions.
One child, whose whereabouts were not known until recently, is now living in China with his parents, according to the ministry.
Marking the biggest amount among fielders, This amounts to more than $30 million in average annual salary for third baseman Machado, who recently signed a 10-year $300 million free agent deal with the San Diego Padres.
It pointed out that if several people have a heated debate or a multilateral dialogue in a program, proper interpretation is made.
Even if he is a player who has been announced to voluntarily leave his club for a certain period by his team LG, he is not allowed to participate in exhibition games and Futures League games in the KBO until his team plays 50 games based in the KBO league's regular season.
Meanwhile, the penalty committee also imposed a 10 million won fine on the LG Twins team under Article 1 of the KBO Protocol for its poor management of the team.
Yoon Dae-young was caught by police in early monring of that day on a road in front of COEX in southern Seoul when he fell asleep in his car while driving under the influence of alcohol.
The city plans to review various opinions and suggestions collected from the NEAR Cruise Tour International Forum held at POSCO International Hall on 21st and then carry out projects that can be first done.
Kim Eun-jung, a female curler, nicknamed "Glasses Sister", is making headlines as she appeared in public with the pregnancy news
The body was so damaged that it was hard to identify its shape but is assumed to be the one of a man in terms of clothing.
NC (NC) divided the event into two sessions:  GENERAL SESSION useful for a daily life and TECH SESSION with in-depth technical knowledges.
NC is establishing a tight security environment by acquiring PIMS (Personal Information Management System Certification) in 2012 and ISMS (Information Protection Management System Certification) in 2014.
The coaches of 11 teams, except for Suwon Samsung, considered Ulsan as a counterweight to Jeonbuk, which had won an championship title early before the splitround.
Gyeongnam FC, which made it to the top two in its first year of promotion, aims to win both the league and the Champions League.
Non-regular workers such as part-time workers who are not full-time employees can also be victims, including job seekers who are in the recruitment and recruitment process.
Osan University announced on 27th that it had a training session for non-executive teachers on "communication-oriented teaching methods for students-oriented education" at its seminar room in Jiseonggwan, the main campus building.
After realizing that blindness was not the end of life and that he cannot give up his life just because of blindness, he began to enjoy the school life in the school for the blind.
The World Wheal Alliance has three basic goals: conduction (to preach the gospel to the disabled), service (to help the disabled) and enlightenment (to make the society or church to have proper recognition).
Through this decision, the number of SK Innovation's electric vehicle battery production plants will increase to two in Europe, one in China the U.S. and its Seosan plant in South Korea.
The second plant in Europe will be built with a floor space of 35,000 pyeong within the construction site located in the Hungarian city of Comarom, where the first plant is currently under construction.
The material business will split the work in April 1 after a shareholders' meeting to be held in March decides on division.
Material business is focusing on two meterials : a LiBS (separator) that is a major material for lithium-ion batteries and a film for foldable displays that have recently been receiving attention.
In addition, We Art Curator team has a one-day class and an visit program to educational institution art museum so that art can always be brought together to make our daily life beautiful.
A child is playing, waiving a vietnamese flag and a north korean flag near Hoanchiem, a popular tourist destination near Hanoi, on 27th, when the second summit between North Korea and the United States will take place.
Among them, the city plans to improve the facilities and equipment of nine vocational rehabilitation facilities for the disabled this year to provide more pleasant living and stable job rehabilitation services.
As the welfare paradigm for the disabled shifts from protection and rehabilitation to self-reliance and social participation, the city of Incheon will operate a public-private consultative group to support their self-reliance for the successful implementation of the "5-Year Plan for Support for Community Integration," which was established for the first time in Incheon.
The city plans to drive on 4 policy issue projects and 14 in-detail proejcts, including new 4 projects and 3 expanded three projects, on an annual basis to support self-reliance for the disabled and their successful integration into the community.
The city plans to provide 8 million won per disabled person to support their early settlement of self-reliance in case they leave the rehabilitation facility for self-reliance, marriage and employment.
The city will also provide 28.8 billion won for 19 disabled residential facilities, 4 short-term residential facilities and 37 multi-family housing families to support their community life, housing services and social integration training.
As part of a customized welfare project for families with the disabled, the city this year will expand and operate a 24-hour activity support service project for the severely disabled, which requires regular care, and will also help disabled people and their families with their daily life.
For children with disabilities under the age of 18, the city plans to provide 6.4 billion won for rehabilitation services for awareness, communication, adaptive behaviors and sensory functions of children with mental and b​ehavioral development and to ease the financial burden of families with disabilities.
Kim Gun-woo, a 21-year-old male short track speed skater who trespassed on the women's athletes’ village without permission, and Kim Ye-jin, 20, a member of the women's national team who helped him, were ordered to leave the athletes' village.
He had been a talented youngster, winning the national championships but and has suffered an injury in a game in 2011, which led him to 36 stitches of surgery.
It was an ideal moment for Kevin Durant, who was just fouled, to attemp to make the score even when he missed a free throw, losing the game by 2 points.
Wade, who was holding the ball with 22 points, attempted to break through against Andre Iguodala of Golden State on the three-point line.
Under the agreement, Yinyang Kindergarten will receive the public kindergarten level of financial support for three years starting this year for faculty, kindergarten operation and improvement of education environment.
The education office provides various consultations on the overall operation of kindergartens, including the curriculum (including the after-school curriculum ) of public-owned private kindergartens and financial and accounting.
Along the large national flag, citizens will wear the costumes of March First Independence Movement  at that time and wave the national flag in their hands, parading through the streets as people did 100 years ago.
As the province's environmental city committee as the Provincial assemby The Environment Urban Commeett has passed the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Garage Certificate and Management Act and the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Urban Traffic Improvement Act in the regular session, the Jeju provincial government announced on 28th that the implement of the garage certification system will go effect across the island and the traffic inducement levy system will be introduced 
Under the Garage Certificate and Management Act, all vehicles with less than 1 ton of cargo cars, except ones owned by low-income families, are required to secure the garage within 1 kilometer of their home bases.
DAS Inc. is an automotive parts manufacturer headquartered in Oedong Agricultural Industrial Complex,Gyeongju, North Gyeongsang Province, producing sheets and car seat parts such as sheet rails and recliners and supplying them to the complete vehicle manufacturers.
Dealers are working at the dealing room of KEB Hana Bank's headquarter in Myeong-dong, Seoul on the 28th afternoon, when the KOSPI and KOSDAQ index crashed and closed due to the change in the schedule for the North Korea-U.S. summit in Hanoi.
White oak materials applied to the new product contain phytoncide, which helps relieve stress, strengthen cardiopulmonary functions, increase bactericidal effects and control breeding of house dust mites.
When the team was losing to Golden State Warriors by 2 points, Wade's attempt to throw a three pointer was blocked but he caught the ball again. 
A total of 500 million won worth of scholarships were delivered to the Korea Social Welfare Council in the event attened by senior vice president of the Korean Social Welfare Council, Sul Jeong-gon, Kia's labor union director Park Han-soo, Kia's labor support business director Song Kyo-man and officials from the two organizations.
Upon receiving the report, the police dispatched a patrol boat to suspend the operation of the vessel and are investigating the accident the cause of the accident.
The media monitoring has been done continuously since 1997 to share media's right perceptions on the disabled and improve public awareness of the disabled at the Disabled People First Movement Headquarters and the monitor report has been published every year since 1998.
Jin Air, ranked at No. 10, who has yet to report its first win of the season, has lost in 11 consecutive games and 15 straight sets.
The team Dangwon, uplifted by Jang Ha-kwon's outstanding performance, made 2 stacks of The Earth Dragons and took advantage of Baron's Buff
Chelsea won 2-0 in the 28th round of the 2018-2019 English Premier League (EPL) against Tottenham Hotspur at Stamford Bridge in London on 28th morning (Korean time).
The recent controversy over suspicions of slowdown and disobedience of the Chelsea team has come to a peack as Kepa refused the coach's order to be substituted.
The heads of export-related organizations are attending the opening ceremony of the newly opened "Export Vitalization Situation Room" on the first floor of the Trade Tower in Samseong-dong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, on 27th.
The people of Israel, who have exited Egypt, will depart from the wilderness of Sinai on February 20 in the year of 2, after making a promise to God at the wilderness of Sinai.
May you be blessed in the name of Lord that everything goes well just as your spirit follows the bible, not blaming the Lord in any cases.
Amazon is the world's largest provider of e-commerce services and enough amount of funding to acquire Nexon exclusively.
The market is rapidly changing and we need to think about whether our rival authorities are properly responding to the trend.
The seesaw is designed for children to lie down on and the slides are made wide enough for the parents to sit on, carrying their child.
The Newsis reported that Son was selected as the Premier League Player of the Year at 'the London Football Awards 2019' held at the Battery Evolution in London on 1st (Korean time).
Son was nominated along with players from the London-based association clubs, including Pierre-Emeric Obameyang (Arsnal), Eden Hazard (Chelsea), and Harry Kane (Tottenham) and was honored as the best player among them with votes from 22 soccer experts, according to the media.
Son has so far recorded 16 goals in 33 games including the Cup tournament, with 6 six goals and 3 assists in December last year alone.
A day before the 100th anniversary of the March 1 Independence Movement, participants are parading placing a large-scale Taegeukgi in front, at the Historical Sites Management Office, Byeongcheon-myeon, Dongnam-gu, Cheonan, South Chungcheong Province.
Son Heung-min was selected as the best player of the 2018-2019 season among players from Premier League clubs based in London.
He returned to the last three games of the regular season last year but since he had a two-year-long hiatus, there was much interest in whether he would be revived or not.
The city's education office will increase the number of afternoon care classes for the first and second graders by 22  from 145 the previous year to 167 this year, while the number of after-school care classes for third and sixth graders will also increase by 13 from 6 last year to 19 this year.
The city's education office plans to support the budget for the establishment and operation of the facilities if schools request the increase of afternoon care classes for the semester.
Sejong City is expected to be able to achieve the 100% of acceptance rate of primary care classes for the five years (2015-2019) as it can accommodate the entire number of students who want to take this year as well.
It was the first time in 31 months since July 2016 that exports declined to the double digit and also the first time since May-July 2016 that the figure fell for three consecutive months.
The government, which expected a sharp drop in exports, plans to announce measures to breathe new vitality into exports and help local companies export their products.
Exports have decreased but the export situation is improving, except for fewer working days and base effects in February last year, according to the Ministry of Industry.
It seems positive that new export growth engines such as electric cars, bio-health, secondary batteries and organic light-emitting diodes(OLED) are maintaining steady growth, while automobiles, general machinery and steel continue to sustain the exports.
The event will be held for two days from 1st to 2nd in 15 regions across the country by Korean Trails Association Corporation , which consists of 20 organizations that operate major walking paths in South Korea, including Jeju Olle Corporation (Chairman Suh Myung-sook), Jiri Mountain Dulle-gil, Busan Galmaet-gil, and Naepo Culture and Forest Road.
Citizens are giving three cheers in a ceremony to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the March 1 Independence Movement at the Independence Hall in Cheonan, South Chungcheong Province, on the afternoon of March 1
Citizens marched through the streets, waving Korean national flags in hands in the costumes people had wore during the "Hurrah Movement" 100 years ago and people on street watching them also responded, waving their hands.
Through the meeting, SG Rail exaplained that it's safe, taking examples of "underground railroads under the regional heating and residential areas" but it was certainly not enough to ease residents' anxiety.
After a question-and-answer session, the "struggle committee" exaplained to the residents, giving away handouts that the current railway plan might have been created through constructor's poor construction research and desgin
The Unjeong, Paju~Samsung setion by Private Investment Project had its groundbreaking ceremony on Dec. 27 last year but the project is expected to be delayed as Paju residents are protesting over the design of the route.
The March 1 Independence Movement Day commemorative event was attended by some 3,000 people, including governor of South Chungcheong Province Yang Seung-jo, those who have contributed to South Korea's independence, the Korean Liberation Association, and veterans-related organizations and citizens, featured a reading of the Declaration of Independence, a commendation ceremony and a commemorative speech.
On the same day, Yang also signed an agreement with head of the Independence Hall Lee Joon-sik,  to jointly build and operate the "March 11, Peace Movement in South Chungcheong Province" inside the memorial hall to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the March 1 Independence Movement.
In the event, attended by about 1,000 people, including patriots, institutions organizations officials, citizens, students and government officials, Jung Wan-jin, 92, the only surviving patriot in Daejeon read the Declaration of Independence.
The event, attended by Mayor Lee Choon-hee, those who have contributed to South Korea's independence, members of the Korean Liberation Association and members of veterans' organizations and citizens, featured a reading of the Declaration of Independence, a commendation ceremony and a commemorative speech.
A total of 629 soldiers from the 31st Infantry Division participated in the 54th March 1 National Marathon Competition, held in Gwangju on March 1 morning and promised to continue the March 1 Movement spirit.
He arrived in Korea one day befor and will watch closely the players in the women's V-League games in professional volleyball until 3rd. 
Starting with the Italian women's youth team, she served as coach of the German women's national team and continued coaching at the Minasesthenis Club in the Brazilian league's Rojorijonte and now joined The Korean team.
Free Wi-Fi on city buses can be used without an additional authentication procedure by searching Wi-Fi list on mobile phones, regardless of the carrier the user subscribes to.
The event, which was also attended by ordinary citizens, also featured various science-experience programs, including making and launching an air rocket, a message for the March 1 Movement from a speaking robot and a demonstration of self-driving cars.
They promised to focus on science and technology research and innovation that will be a hope for common prosperity for humanity and world peace and to focus on science and technology research to overcome global warming and disaster disasters.
The Egypt's top e-commerce hub "Egypt Global Gate" and "NAS Communications Inc." announced on 28th at Shinhan El Tower in Eulji-ro, Seoul that they have signed a partnership in IT in the industrial, tourism and content sectors. 
Under this deal, Nas Communication will jointly put forward various projects such as introducing Egypt's tourism and industry to South Korea and linking South Korea's high-tech and industrial technologies to Egypt.
LG Display is planning to increase output of large OLEDs to 130,000 sheets per month and increase sales of OLED TVs from 2.9 million units in 2018 to 4 million units this year.
In addtion, it is also planning to increase its competitive in quality by improving the performance e of OLEDs such as luminance and response speed and expand its lineup of products to 77-inch and 65-inch OLED 8K, starting with release of 88-inch OLED 8K starting from second half of this year.
The project is to build a new crude oil reserve with a capacity of 42 million barrels on an underground rock in Puzaira, located on the northeastern coast of the UAE.
The Al-Mandos crude oil reserve not only has large storage but also it can store three types of crude oil and has features that make it easier to manage transportation schedules and optimize the performance.
The index which had been on the decline in early trading, slowed down its fall due to news of a freeze in the benchmark interest rate, however, stock markets at the end plunged at the news of the possibility of cancellation of a luncheon between the North Korean and U.S. leaders.
Financial investment sectors predicts that economic cooperation stocks can have benefits if the North Korean nuclear issue enters a phase of resolution at the second summit between the U.S. and North Korea.
A drop in growth in the Indian market, which had been rapidly rising with China,the world's largest market, was the cause for the drop in market share.
Only four of them will compete against Yoo Chang-hyun, Kim Eung-tae, Hwang In-ho and Kim Seung-rae on 9th for the ticket to the final.
The stock price fell just in about 30 minutes as investors' confidence fast-froze after the news of possible breakdown in the round of talks at around 3 p.m.
some predict that the impact of the talks' collapse will be reduced after some time, given that unfavorable factors have affected the market within a short period of time.
He was given the "minus report card" in the second half of last year but recently regained his recovery due to the stock market slump and the conciliatory mood in two Koreas.
On 4th, the 63rd Macroeconomic Finance Conference will be held under first vice minister of the Ministry of Information and Communication, Lee Ho-seung, to discuss the market impact and prospects of the North Korea-U.S. summit.
When the operator turned off the oil well after hearing of the oil theft, the pressure inside the pipeline may have been lowered, leading to a fire.
The city held a meeting on 3rd with related agencies and experts in attendance to resume traffic control as traffic congestion is expected following the opening of schools around the city.
He said as it's the day when new school year starts, if schools take one day off that day, there will be a lot of confusion in school schedules and for parents.
Ki Ae-ri, Park Soo-yeon, Lee Ye-rin, Jeong Da-eun, Kim Ga-young and Kim Tae-yong, who are from Jeju Island, has been taught the "Haegeumyeon" method by Dr. Cha Young-soo ( Korean Intangible Cultural Asse No. 1 Ritual Music at Jongmyo Shrine Master.) in the winter training.
Hannam University (President Lee Duk-hoon) formed a group to visit the birthplace of Danjae Shin Chae-ho in Danjae-ro, Jung-gu, Daejeon, on 28th and remember the true meaning of Korea's independence.
President Lee Duk-hoon, faculty members, student council executives and ROTC students visited the birthplace of Shin Chae-ho where he spent his childhood and paid silent tribute in front of the statue.
At the world's largest mobile exhibition "MWC 2019" in Barcelona, Spain, Xiaomi unveiled its 5G smartphone "MiMix 3 5G."
It combines Sony's TV quality technology with mobile devices and allows users to enjoy high contrast ratio and rich colors.
Mayor of Guri, Gyeonggi Province Ahn Seung-nam joined the ongoing " Transcription Challenge for the Declaration of Independe to mark the 100th anniversary of the March 1 Independence Movement this year and posted a photo of his transcription on SNS on 4th.
Mayor Ahn Seung-nam named chairman of the Guri City Council, Park Seok-yoon, head of the Guri Youth Training Center, Shin Jae-ok and head of the Guri Harang Youth Orchestra, Lee Eun-young as the next runners-up.
The South Korean government held the 9th economic revitalization meeting and the 8th economy-related ministers' meeting at the Seoul Government Complex in Jongno-gu, Seoul on 4th and also discussed "measures to enhance export vitality."
This year, the company is focusing on developing next-generation game engines and new models, and is set to launch "Black Desert for Xbox One" in North America and Europe, following the launch of "Black Desert Mobile" in Japan.
Victims who experienced sexual harassment were 20s, 10 percent in their 30s, 6 percent in their 40s and older, and 5.0 percent in their 50s and older.
Among the victims of sexual harassment, 81.6% said they just "let it roll off their backs and move on" because 49.7% of them said they did not think it was a big problem and 31.8% said it was unlikely to be resolved even if they raised the issue.
In remembrance of a Japanese military "comfort women" victim, Kwak Ye Nam died at the age of 94, and the memorial service is being held in Damyang-gun, Jeollanam-do, in front of the Statue of Girl.
After wrapping up the project to create a bus transfer center at Osong Station, the city will operate public buses that circulates the Osong Life Science and Industry Park from Osong Station.
The city has decided to operate public buses in transportation-weak area to help six major state-run organizations, tenant companies in Osong Life Science and Industry Complex and also residents who live nearby travel easily.
The best feature of the Uni Island Golf & Spa Resort is its natural environemt where people can enjoy golfing.
The key point is that Noh Joon-taek, who designed Sky 72 Sky Course and Wellington CC, designed it, to let people enjoy golfing while playing various shots.
The course with a long length was designed carefully to enable people play various shots that require great patience and detail, including a long shot.
Meanwhile, the Uni Island Golf & Spa Resort has drawn favorable responses from visitors as it participated in the SBS Golf Korea Golf Fair held from February 28 to March 3.
The players who caught for drunk driving will be imposed a 50-game suspension, a 3 million won fine and 80 hours of volunteer work.
Head Infantino, who visited the UAE earlier to attend the 2019 Asian Cup finals, met Chung Mong-kyu, chairman of the UAE and proposed co-hosting the Women's World Cup verbally.
The application deadline for bids is April 16 and so far four countries -- Australia, Colombia, Japan and South Africa -- have expressed their intention to host the game.
The Jeju National Agricultural Technology Institute has completed a "roadmap for tangerine cross-breeding" to develop variosu kinds for various purposes and is speeding up the development of new varieties.
The Jeju National Agricultural Technology Institute said on 4th that it plans to develop and distribute 11 new varieties by 2027, starting with the "Autumn Hyang", in accordance with the roadmap for tangerine cross-breeding.
While it usually takes 15 years to develop new species of plants, the Jeju National Agricultural Technology Institute succeeded in acheiving its goal according to the roadmap for tangerine cross-breeding, by developing the new species of mandarin last year, eight years after it started the tangerine cross-breeding.
He visited Incheon Stadium to watch the opening match between Incheon United and Jeju United and went straight to Anyang to watch the game between Busan I'Park and Anyang FC.
Before participating in the preliminary round of the U-23 Championship, which will be held in Cambodia from May 22 to 26, he is determined to look at each player with his own eyes.
They will prepare for the upcoming U-23 Championship qualifier in Cambodia from 22nd to 26th and the FIFA U-20 World Cup in Poland in May.
Han Seung-gyu, who emerged as the next core players of Jeonbuk Hyundai after winning the K-League Young Player award last season Han Chan-hee (Jeonnam), Jang Yoon-ho (Jeonbuk), and Kim Joon-hyung (Gwangju), could also be subject to redundancy.
Coach Hajime is guaranteed his term not only for the senior-level matches such as the World Cup, the Asian Cup and A-matches but also for the upcoming 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Under the Political Fund Act, all individuals and organizations engaged in political activities, including political parties, party leaders and lawmakers, can receive donations only through support groups.
This is because Yoo express his intention to leave politics and asked them to remove his name from the presidential polls.
Park Sung-hyun, who tied for 8th with seven-under par until the third round the previous day,  demonstrated surprising endurance and defeated Lee Min-ji (23, Australia), who had been in the 2nd palce, by 2 strokes.
Park Sung-hyun started the round with four shots behind the leader Ariya Jutanugarn (24, Thailand)  and grabbed the reins tightly and made consecutive birdies on the first to third holes.
Starting with a birdie in the last hole in the second half, she beat Lee Min-jin and took the lead by birdying the 13th and 14th holes in a row.
Lee Min-ji has fallen behind the South Koreans for the second consecutive week, losing to Yang Hee-young, 30, at Honda Thailand on the 24 of last month as well.
As Park Sung-hyun, who signed a sponsorship contract at the highest level ever in history for a female athlete (estimated at 7 billion won) last month, won the trophy earlier than expected, her future looks bright in achieving the goal this season.
Lee Jung-eun, who advanced to the LPGA stage this year, fought for the day by reducing six strokes  but tied for 11the, failing to make the top 10 in the LPGA ranking.
The sales of hydrogen-powered Hyundai Motor's "Nexo,"  a model that is exclusively designed for hydrogen, increased more than 780% year-on-year, surpassing the government's supply target of 659 vehicles.
The two countries, which are on bad terms with each other, clashed numerous times in Kashmir but this is the first time in 48 years that fighter planes were used as well since the third war in Kashmir in 1971.
The TOI pointed out that the current situation in which Pakistan and Indo are fighting in  Kashmir, which is the only Muslim-majority area, will give him a good chance to regain his approval ratings.
A portrait of the Japanese military "comfort women" victim, Kwak Ye Nam (94), where she is wearing korean traditional clothes, lies in the lying-in-state room of Jeonju Hospital, Jeonju-si, Jeollabuk-do on 3rd.
It is a so-called "development of tcommon property on commission" method in which KAMCO(Korea Asset Management Corporation) invests funds for development project in land and buildings owned by local governments, remodels them and retrieves procurement funds with rental income.
KAMCO(Korea Asset Management Corporation) said it put the best and all of its efforts  to coexist with Nam-gu and tenant merchan but the loss has run into astronomical figures due to the high vacancy rate.
Claiming that Nam-gu had promised that Nam-gu would provide adequate funds in case of loss or contract break-up when they signed the contract, KAMCO plans to prepare for legal proceedings based on this.
In response, Nam-gu said that it had signed a legal contract under the Public Property and Commodity Management Act," adding that KAMCO should take full responsibility for the rental project.
The price of their anchor product, flagship 8-gigabit DRAM memory, plunged 36.8% year-on-year last month, while that of 128-gigabit NAND flash memory fell 25.2%.
KB, who was considered the heavy favorite before the start of the season, experienced great agitation for a while, losing to rival Woori Bank in a row earlier in the season.
Thornton, who has excellent speed and elasticity, showed off her scoring ability by going with total control over the court as the foreign player of the opponent team often blocked the view of the tallest player in the team, Park Ji-soo (198 centimeters.)
This season, Thornton topped the league with an average score of 21.5 points, setting up a powerful twin tower with Park Ji-soo and threatening the other teams.
Guard Yeom Yoon Ah, who signed a FA contract to KB last year and KB Franchise, Kang Ah-jung are also expected to show good performance this year.
A number of tornadoes hit Alabama and Georgia on 3rd, killing at least 23 people and destroying hundreds of homes, officials said.
The ultra-fine particle concentration in the area where the measure was implemented was 50㎍/㎥  or higher on average until 4 p.m. on 4rd.
Yeoncheon-gun celebrated the first operation of public transportation of the Haneularaecheot Village, Neulmok1-li, with participation of county council chief Kim Gwang-cheol, Yeoncheon County Mayor Lim Jae-seok, heads of major community organizations in Jeongeok-eup and villagers.
In order to provide transportation services to the Haneularaecheot Village, where public transportation was not allowed due to the narrowness of the road and severe flexion, the First Village Taxi was launched after the village was selected for a rural model project under the Ministry of Food, Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries last year.
The Taxis will be operated from the heart of the Jeongok to the village 3 times a day during rush hour in the morning and evening and in a day time, which is expect to ease residents' invonvenience, who used to travel 3.3 km at maximum from the village to the bus stop to use public transportation.
Park Land Inc. has been selected as the operator of "Dream Clothing," Dream Closet", a rental service for the youth job seeker in Busan, for the second consecutive year since last year. 
The city center in Dodu-dong, Jeju Province, is covered with thick dust on the 5th morning, when the first emergency measures for high-level fine dust were implemented in Jeju.
Applications may be made for any non-commercial projects with the group of three people or more, which can be open to the public.
Under the agreement, Versium Materials will invest 100 billion won in 5,323 square meters of land in Yongyeon-ro, Nam-gu, Ulsan, through its Korean subsidiary, Vesium Materials PhiM Korea, to build additioanl plants to produce Sambul HDo, a special gas for electronic materials, by 2022.
The agreement stipulates basic agreements on Ulsan's support such as approvals, permits and incentives related to investment in expansion and that Versium Materials will contribute to revitalizing the local economy and give priority consideration to Ulsan citizens when hiring workers needed to operate the plants.
Ulsan expects the investment will have direct and indirect effects on making a 130 billion won production every year and hire 40 employees directly and 263 employees indirectly per year.
The Ulsan city has promoted Ulsan's excellent industrial infrastructure to the board of directors of the Versium Materials on several occasions since the first half of last year and presented the expected benefits from being designated as the foreign investment area, such as the tax break and as a result, it's been selected as the foreign investment area.
The city plans to intensively inspect the three key sites that cause fine dust, including 378 sites that generate arsenic dust and air emissions around living areas and the sites where waste is illegally incinerated.
Major checks include the installation of facilities to control dust scattering in construction field and the implement of measures, non-sulfurizing businesses, the compliance of the normal operation and emission acceptance criteria for the prevention of air discharge facilities, the burning of waste vinyl and living waste in farming and fishing villages and the illegal incineration of waste such as construction sites.
The city plans to take strict actions against violations in accordance with relevant laws, such as judicial actions and administrative disposition and strengthen the management of workplaces through continous inspection to avoid repeating violations related to the incident.
Sujin Inc. said it will release color cosmetics containing the culture fluid of stem cells by the end of this month and that the basic line, ampoule and cream are under development.
According to the 2018 World Air Quality Report released by AirVisual, a global air pollution research institute, Bangladesh was the country with the highest concentration of ultrafine dust at PM 2.5 on average last year.
According to the Air Visual report, the world's most polluted city was the Grugram in India, with an average annual concentration of ultrafine dust at 135.8μg/m3.
In the video, Kim Ah-rang was skating in second or third place at the beginning and first crossed the finish line, beating Aureli Montbosang of France and Yekaterina Efremencova of Russia in the final lap.
Atletico Madrid, considered as a team with great defense in Spain's Primera Liga, was also defeated by Dortmund 0-4 in the Champions League qualification matches this season.
The wingbacks on both sides Surge Orier and Kieran Trippier, Danny Rose and Ben Davis as well as Son Heung-min and Christian Eriksen were all exhausted.
In three Bundesliga matches, which were held right after the shocking loss 0-3 to Tottenham, the team had just one win ( 1win, 1 draw and 1 loss.)
South Chungcheong Province will enhance welfare for senior citizens by increasing support in unit price for free meals for senior citizens and providing them with a "traffic safety eduction" class.
South Chungcheong Province currently offers free meals to an average of 3,700 senior citizens a day at 50 locations including the comprehensive welfare center in the province and delivers lunch boxes to some 2,900 senior citizens in each region.
The government held an economic revitalization meeting presided over by Deputy Prime Minister and Strategy and Finance Minister Hong Nam-ki on 4th and announced "measures to boost export sales," which includes short-term and mid-term measures.
The government will aim to create conditions that can last until the situation improves and find new main export items.
A special guarantee system worth 100 billion won will also be established for promising export companies that suffer financial difficulties, in which they can just receive funding with a certificate of  export contract.
Jeju province said as the deadline of Greenfield International Hospital's opening is on 4th, it will start the process of holding a hearing before its permit to open a foreign medical institution is cancelled from 5th.
According to Twittieran "Ice Universe," which specializes in smartphones, subscription sales of the Galaxy S10 for two hours in China were the same as those of its predecessor, the Galaxy S9, for two days.
Harim Group started as a chicken company in Iksan and grew into a company that integrates and manages the entire chain of food products: grain distribution, shipping, feed, livestock, slaughtering, food manufacturing and distribution and sales.
Harim Inc.'s breeding division and Harim Industries have already moved in Harim's new building with a three-floor basement and five-floor and 16,031 square meters of floor space in Jungang-ro, Iksan City, North Jeolla Province,
The two sides will develop a training course for professional counselors that understand the disabled and pursue a campaign to help a psychical cure and rehabilitation and social integration of the disabled.
Thanks to Cesinha's great performance, Daegu achieved a 3-1 come-from-behind win against Melbourne Victoria in Group F of the AFC Champions League in Melbourne, Australia, on 5th.
Cesinha assisted Hwang Soon-min in the sixth minute and added another assist on a goal by dgar Silva 10 minutes later, which was a decisive one for the victory.
The SK Innovation's wage negotiations, held on the 18th of last month, labor and management ended negotiations in just 30 minutes and came up with a tentative agreement.
He established the hypothesis that misunderstanding that appears to be caused by lack of communication between neighbors may be just a conflict with those who settled in the area as frequent transfers with chonsei and monthly rents happen often.
Dr. Lee Shin-hye and her research team at Seoul National University's Department of Social Welfare, joined and did a research on the conflict factors in community and the public design effects.
It will support them to come up with ideas and derive outcomes to maximize the use of public design across all areas of community issues such as safety or children, community, welfare, environment and hygiene.
Son started the game in the second round of the UEFA Champions League round with Borussia Dortmund of Germany at 5 a.m. on 6th (Korean time) and played 71 minutes until the 26th minute of the second half.
Ajax's Dusan Tadic is celebrating Hakeem Ziyechi, who scored the first goal in a Champions League match against Real Madrid at Bernabeu Stadium in Santiago, Spain, 5th (Local time).
The National Maritime Police has also requested a search for four 4 fishing boats and 1 government-run ship that were fishing together in the waters near Jang's disappearance.
Short track speed skater Park Ji-won rejoices, winning the 1st place in the men's 500-meter final at the 29th Winter Universiade in Krasnoyaks, Russia, on 5th (Local time).
Environment Minister Cho Myoung-rae (left) listens to head of the Seoul Metropolitan Government's Climate and Environment Headquarters Han Sung-hyun, in front of Seongdong-gu Office in Seoul on the 6th morning for an explanation on the operation of the scattering dust cleaning vehicle.
Oh Seung-hwan was hit two home runs in an exhibition game against Chicago White Sox on 3rd, broke down with 0.2 innings and 1 strikeout, allowing 4 runs on hits and 1 walk.
AirVisual measures air quality by combining levels of fine dust, ultrafine dust, ozone, carbon monoxide, nitrogen dioxide and sulfur dioxide and displays them as an AQI index.
As the government analysts say, it is not clear whether the air quality in Seoul and Incheon has become the worst in the world by baking a lot of mackerels, using a lot of aging diesel vehicles, causing a lot of scattering dust at construction sites or operating a lot of thermal power plants.
According to the survey, 78.9% of the respondents said they should keep the central library and set up an archive center on a separate site and 15.0% said they should keep the central library and accept parts of the archive center's functions and 93.9% expressed opposition to changing the central library to the archive center for National Debt Repayment Movement.
It also applied 'smartphone-based digital keys' to the new Soanta for the first time, which can operate all functions from door lock and release to start-up and drive, letting free from the car key.
As online sales of promotional items that started with towels and umbrellas increased, products such as auxiliary batteries and usb are being highly diversified.
The trend of promotional items is changing as IT products burst out years ago and at this time, products are being developed minute by minute.
Attention is focusing on which products will dominate the promotional item market will and how it will change, which has reflected the trend of the times.
Edison Motors Inc. is a small but strong company with an annual production capacity of 1,300 electric vehicles and is currently under export negotiations with India's state-run company for $45 millions of technical royalties.
According to the satisfaction survey on Intensibre Repair Eye Cream in the clinical trial, the participants were 100% satisfied with all servey items, including the functions of removing dark circles, improving wrinkles and the texture.
By combining collected costumes and characters, you can customize your own personality and customized characters can be shared with others via Facebook.
To make matters worse, President Trump's anti-immigration policy will lose further momentum if the U.S. Senate passes a resolution against the state of emergency following the U.S. House of Representatives.
As he has already achieved his goal of No. 1 in the world ranking and has marked his first win in the second match of the season, chances are high that he will have a successful season.
AS Ryu So-yeon finished fourth and Park In-bee fifth and Ko Jin-young also moved up from 11th to 8th, four South Korean players was put on the top 10 list of world ranking.
It is a small competition with a total prize money of US$100,000 but Park Sung-hyun also participated as her main sponsor, the Bloomberry Resort & Hotel, hosts the event.
Carter scored 21 points, who set a record for the oldest player to score more than 20 points in a single game and Wade also scored 23 points, which showed an excellent performance to the crowd that is usually hard to see from players in the twilight of their careers 
Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Muhammad Bin Salman, who has ruthlessly purged his political opponent forces, is experience discord with his father, King bin Salman Abdulaziz.
King Abdul Aziz and Crown Prince Bin Salman appear to have different views on important matters of policy, the Guardian reported on 5th, citing sources.
His predecessor, Ambassador Khalid Bin Salman, has been appointed as Assistant Secretary of Defense to assist his brother Prince Bin Salman, who also serves as the Minister of Defense.
The design philosophy "Sensual Sportiness," which was reflected in the new Sonata for the first time in the sedan, was unveiled by Hyundai through its concept car "Le Phil Rouge" at the Geneva Motor Show in March last year.
The increase in income level has also led to the replacement of the mid-size sedan "Grandeur "for the "family car" position, which was previously occupied by the Sonata.
Sales of sedans have decreased due to the worldwide popularity of sport utility vehicles(SUV) as well as the failure of the seventh-generation model to drow positive response from consumers.
Sangsan High School had sent 3 requests for correction containing this contents to the North Jeolla Provincial Office of Education and the Ministry of Education.
It is expected that fine dust particles, which has been so high that we hardly could take a breath for the past two days, will be withdrawn for a while due to the effects of wind and rain.
As his recovery is going faster than expected, local media recently reported that he would be able to step on the ground two weeks of training after he returns to the team.
The event, which was organized to remember the noble sacrifices of the ancestors and inherit the spirit of independence, will be held at 3 p.m. on 9th at the front yard of Andong City Hall, where the nation's first unofficial resistance troops against Japan( Righteous Army of Reform of 1894) gathered.
Actor Sohn Byung-ho, an honorary ambassador for Andong City, will host the event, which will includes independence, ignition ceremony, welcoming speech and commemorative speech.
The Uljin County Council proposed an improvement plan that requires the Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co. to go through a deliberation process with the regional committee before deciding on the project so that local residents' opinions can be fully reflected and it can select the project that can contribute to the regional development in the selection of the project to support the business owners near the nuclear plant.
The Jeju provincial government announced on 7th that it will expand the range of tour experience programs, which had been focusing mainly on farming villages, to the fishing villages to offer a variety of content using regional characteristics such as its culture and history and local resources.
In addition, it will run resident-led tourism packages to make profits the village and also held to create regional tourism conditions that meet changes in the tourism market.
Dallas Keuchel, who is still capable of three or more starts, could be the best alternative if there are players injured during the spring camp.
It was reported that The New York Yankees could recruit him as ace Luis Severino is sidelined for at least two weeks with a shoulder injury.
In addition, workers working for Samsung Electronics' semiconductor and LCD divisions, affiliates such as Samsung SDI and Samsung Electro-Mechanics, Samsung Electronics' overseas subsidiaries and non-in-house partner companies were not included.
In fact, a week before the Lunar New Year holiday on Jan. 29, another young man died of leukemia.
The selected producers in South Jeolla Province include Naju Bonghwang Agricultural Cooperative, Boseong Special Farm Inc. and Bohyang Da Won in Boseong, Gaecheongol Farm Inc. in Hwasun, Yeongdong Farm in Gangjin , Youngam Agricultural Cooperative in Yeongam and Haengbokhan Goguma Co., Ltd. in Muan. 
The villages selected for Village Happiness Community includes 148 villages at the Seed level where they just started community lives with a group of 5 or more, 19 villages at the Sprout level where they are vatalize the community and 5 villages at the Fruite stage where they are aiming for self-reliant.
Especially considering that rookie players such as Lebron in the middle of the season and followed by Kyle Kuzma and Ronjo Ball were fighting hard to reach the fourth place in the West, it left much to be desired.
The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety will announce an administrative revision this month to ban the distribution of nitrous oxide in the small container for whipping cream making.
As the sales of Happy Ballons targetting korean tourists in Southeast Asian countries increasing, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade has decided to promote the fact that those illegal inhalation of nitrous oxide is punishable.
In January and February this year, the temperature of the sea level in the tropical and western Pacific regions was higher than usual, which resulted in an enormous updraft, and it changed to a downdraft near the Korean Peninsula.
Its biggest feature is that it implements a 'Raid' content on mobil devices that targets Dungeon and other boss monsters by several gamers sharing roles.
James, who won three championships and six runner-ups, received rave reviews as "the second greatest basketball player of all time" after Michael Jordan. 
Anthony has been the NBA's best scoring machine, becoming the 2013 leading scorer with an average of 28.7 points and scoring 24 points on average in a total of 1,064 games.
He has been negotiating with Lakers since he was released by Chicaco, even without playing a single game but  hasn't found yet his team.
Wade hit a come-from-behind buzzer, which resulted in a come-from-behind victory against the strongest team Golden State Warriors on April 28 and added two block shots on 5th, topping "The Emperor of basketball" Michael Jordan in the block shots of all guards with 894 block shoots.
While Ryu Hyun-jin pitched a scoreless inning against the Los Angeles Angels on 25th of last month , he showed good performance, pitching two strikeouts and allowing two hits and no runs in two innings against the San Diego Padres on 2nd of this month.
The Wonju Citizens' Countermeasure Committee for the return of the old 1st Army Command site in Wonju announced on 6th that it will fight for the return of the old 1st Army Command site in front of the Ministry of National Defense in Yongsan, Seoul on 19th.
The project aimed at resolving blind spots for primary care is to allow the parents and residents to take care of their children themselves in the place close to their residence and where many residents gather.
Korean Air, which had 74 points (25 wins and 10 losses), beat No. 2 player Hyundai Capital and clinched its champinship the  league title, regardless of the result of its final match against OK Savings Bank on 11th.
People should be careful since nitrous oxide can cause choking symptoms on repeated inhalation and even death from hypoxia at worst.
Before the opening of the regular season on 23rd, construction work on interior design and grass management was underway to welcome the fans.
The new stadium was seen through the eyes of a reporter, was the best environment for watching baseball as if he owned the stadium.
The pitcher's ball movement and the runner's intense slidings in the stealing base, now can be seen from up close.
While the baseball stadiums with steep stands had a long distance between seat rows, the baseball stadiums with gentle stands was far away from fields and had a long distance between seat rows.
Considering that electronic boards are one of interests to fans, they have installed auxiliary electronic boards on the third base line in addition to the main board in the center.
Players also welcome the brith of a stadium where they can enjoy the game with fans but it can change on the performance point of view.
People can feel Changwon NC Park's heat and dignity at the opening game against the Samsung Lions on 23rd, which has a 1-floor basement and a 4-floor with twice as many seats as the old Masan Baseball Stadium with 11,000 seats.
It had a feast by awarding the "best salesman of the month" who earns about 30 million a mid-size sedan and giving other best salesman managers gift certificates to travel to the Americas.
With the service available that delivers fresh home-made snacks and meal kits in addition to beverage products such as Yakult, the company is now able to handle smart delivery services.
The average annual temperature of the Earth, which used to change by around 1.5 degrees every 400 to 500 year in the past, is said to be rising by 0.1 degrees every 10 year after industrialization.
Due to this, island countries with low average sea level, such as Fiji, Tuvalu, Kiribati and Maldives, are in danger of disappearing from the earth.
By 2050, there will be an estimated 100 million people worldwide who can no longer live where they live now due to climate change.
The idea of turning a blind eye to the difficult economic situation and a chorus of voices calling for change and just taking a stake with the obsolete protest outside the National Assembly is nothing but anachronistic.
NCsoft's PC MMORPG "Lineage" and "Lineage 2" has a flat rate of 29,700 won per month while Blizzard's service "World of Warcraft" has that of 19,800 won.
In addition, some point out that it is a half-sized product that deceives the users, not allowing users accumulate points of blood alliance and blessing when only Yongok Buff of the Dragon is in operation.
Oh Seung-hwan, who took the mound in the bottom of the seventh inning, when Colorado took a 7-3 lead, lost a point, allowing a right-field triple by the first batter Nico Horener and a center fielder sacrifice fly by the follow-up batter Chaser Bugs.
While Oh Seung-hwan, allowed no runs in an inning of his first exhibition game against the Cleveland Indians on 27th, he allowed 4 runs on 4 hits and 2 home runs in 0.2 innings against the Chicago White Sox on  3rd.
The city of Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province, said on 8th that it will push forward a service to establish a basic plan to turn the central park located in the former Cheongju Castle into a history park.
The city plans to propose a comprehensive plan for implementation by reviewing the analysis best domestic and foreign cases and its feasibility and deciding the plans and direction of development and to complete the basic plan to create a park.
The city plans to create a a history park that connects Cheongju Kwana in the old town of Cheongju with the current central park to inherit a 1500-year-old high-level traditio and culture and soldify it’s the city's identity.
The central park is where the central building of the government building, Dongheon, in which the leader of the town performed his official duties in Joseon Dynasty and after the Japanese Invasion of Korea in 1592 and the Manchu war of 1636, the Chungcheong Barracksthe, the military headquarters of the Chungcheong province, were located.
In the central park where Cheongjumok office building was located, there is the 1,000-year-old ginkgo tree called Apgaksu (Chungbuk Monument No. 5) and the gate of ByeongmaJeoldosa (Chungbuk Tangible Cultural Properties No. 15), which is a pavilion with a 2-floor.
Oh Seung-hwan pitched 2 strikeouts in an inning of an exhibition game against the Chicago Cubs at Sloane Park in Mesa, Arizona, allowing 1 run on 1 hit on 8th (Korean time)
According to Ulsan Ulju Police Station, a 78-year-old man stabbed four men in their seventies who were sleeping in the same room and the next room at a nursing home in Ulju County at 12:10 a.m. on 8th.
Of the four elderly people stabbed, one was seriously injured and the other three suffered minor injuries and are currently receiving treatment at a hospital.
With the worst fine dust in most parts of the country disappearing, the landscape of the center of Cheongju City from the Musim River, Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province, is in harmony with the blue sky.
Based on measures to boost exports, Minister Sung plans to continue his export moves to achieve $600 billion in exports this year.
First of all, he hosted the "Trade Finance Check Conference" in late March, atteded by all six policy financial institutions and five commercial banks, to discuss a countermeasure to provide funds for exporters, including a credit guarantee based on an export contract and and early cashization of export bonds.
Marking its 27th year this year, the meeting is an international IEEE conference that brings together more than 300 world-class software engineering and requirements engineering researchers.
Farming households in need of workers and small and medium-sized enterprises in the manufacturing sector with less than 300 employees can get help if they apply to Jobs Departmenment of the city or county offices.
Due to the power outage , the subways stopped and many office workers in Caracas walked back home and cars got tangled up at the intersection with the lights turned off.
A local official said Thursday's power outage was the worst ever in Venezuela, which has been suffering from power shortages.
The left-leaning Maduro's regime is experiencing an unprecedented a "two presidents in one country" status as National Assembly Speaker Juan Guido calls himself an interim president.
The spring camp's "The Skill Development Award" were given to pitcher Ko Young-chang and infielder Lee Chang-jin and "The Team Contribution Award" was given to infielder Hong Jae-ho and rookie pitcher Hong Won-bin was awarded for "The Future Kia Tigers Ace Award."
After returning home, the team will have a training at Gwangju-Kia Champions Field on the 10th of afternoon and will take a day off on 11th before starting exhibition games from 12th.
The business agreement is to remove gender-discrimination rituals and practices and to create a city with gender equality where women and men can share equal responsibilities and rights in all areas.
Ulsan City, the City's Education Office, Ulsan Metropolitan Police Agency, Ulsan Chamber of Commerce, Ulsan Institute of Science and Technology, Ulsan National University of Science and Technology, Ulsan National University of Science and Technology, Chunhae University of Health, Ulsan Campus of Korea Polytechnic University and Ulsan Council of Women's Associations attended the meeting.
The city and nine organizations will cooperate with each other to gender equality awareness and culture, guarantee rights and opportunities to work equally, eradicate violence against women and promote women's health.
Jeju Shinhwa World signed a social contribution agreement with the Jeju City, Seogwipo City and Jeju Island Regional Children's Center Association at the end of last year.
Neko x Blizzard is a festival to be held at 2019 Play Expo (PlayX4) in May 11th and 12th, where Nexon and Blizzard users can exchange secondary creations using the intellectual property(IP) of Overwatch and Maple Story 
He's never been professionally trained for cooking so it's getting hard for him to run the restaurant business and, furthermore, as his health became worse, he decided to close restaurant temporarily.
Thinking that he needed some help from an expert, Mr. Kim applied for "Cook Delicious Jeju", which  his restaurant was selected for in December and he could run the restaurant again with the new name of "New Namwon Snacks" after remodeling.
Since the owner Kim wanted to keep the restaurant's old name, "Namwon Snacks", which he has run the same location for more than 10 years, he chose "New Namwon Snacks" as the new name of it, adding "New" in front, which means "the restaurant is newly born".
"Cook Delicious Jeju" of Hotel Shilla Co., which have become as the best practice of sustainable company social contribution programs, has helped a total of 22 restaurant owners help themselves since its first resutaurant, "Shinsung Halmang Restaurant" in Febrary 2014. 
Business owners donate blankets and rice every year through a volunteer group "Good Relation" and hold various activities to help needy neighbors, such as providing free meals for seniors living alone.
The public advertising campaign with the new product line shows various dreams of different women through the bags.
He made these records after overcoming all the difficulties such as the surgery following the injuries and rehabilitation, which makes it even more valuable.
Including nine female cadets, a total of 148 became elite Air Force officers afte four years of intensive education and training.
During the day time of the Island's day, various academic and cultural activities such as a national celebration, an exibition for island's specialty with an information center, an international conference on the island, folk performances will be held.
The workers are organizing the flower bed, transplanting pansies and violas from a tree nursery to the front yard of Gyeonggijeon, Jeonju Hanok Village, Jeonju-si on 7th.
According to the organization committee, among 22 sports candidates now, 20 sports in the letter of intent submitted by International Federation(IF) were confirmed to be adopted in the competition.
The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety and the Ministry of Health and Welfare, the Fair Trade Commission said on 7th that they cracked center down 900 henna rooms, claiming they use the natural ingredients for coloring and shut down unlicensed or unregistered 11 of them.
Ambassador Kriener is the one of the dipomats who went to the airport to pick up Chairman Juan Guido when he returned home at risk of arrest.
The Trump's administraion reportedly has found that recently the Maduro regime's was hiding money in conspiracy with foreign financial institutions.
Starbucks is now enabling people to taste the prime strawberries the next day, which were harvested from Nonsan-si, Chungcheongnam-do and  Sancheong-gun, Gyeongsangnam-do, to maintain its freshness.
Mr. Um, points out that workaholism is causining problems in a family relationship and at the same time, the bad family relationship lead to workaholismat and raise the level of workaholism.
The Liberty Korea Party has also raised a suscpision that a blacklist of the Ministry of Environment were reported in the office for civil affairs, providing a document related to 'the trend in the resignation of executives under the Ministry of Environment’ document. 
The document was found to contain not only the terms of the presidents, presidents, directors and executives of eight organizations under the environment ministry and whether they submitted their resignations, but also their positions such as "appointed by the current government" and "from the Saenuri Party."
The future of Renault Samsung Motors has become unpredictable as it is uncertain whether it will be able to receive follow-up export volumes.                                                  
The company has proposed a second revision to pay 17.2 million won in compensation (10.2 million won for an incentive and 7 million won for a one-shot bonus) to the union.
The proposals included improvements in the deployment conversion process as well as improvements in work intensity such as hiring more people, investing in facilities to prevent musculoskeletal disorders and extending lunch time.
With the collapse of agreement on wages and working conditions, which has been under way through 20 rounds of negotiations for nine months since June last year, some predict that the normal operation of the Busan plant will be difficult.
Application forms can be downloaded from the website of the Gangwon Province Development Disability Center and applications may be made until 6 p.m. on 15th of March via fax or e-mail.
Yoo Young has pledged to do well in free skating for fans and she succeeded in raising her ranking to 6th from 10th by showing a good performance.
Yoo Young received 123.2 points, combining 66.13 points in the technical score and 57.07 points in the program component score, in the women's singles free skating competition at the 2019 ISU Figure Skating Junior World Championships in Zagreb, Croatia, on 10th in Korean time. 
A 116-year-old woman, Kanae Tanaka, who enjoys playing Othello, poses after receiving the longest-serving Guinness World Records at Fukuoka Nursing Home on 9th (Local time.)
Substituted for Lucas Moura in the 27th minute, Son played for about 20 minutes but failed to make even a single shot.
In response, the Korean Football Federation (KFA) decided to assign the match to be held in Incheon to live streaming service platforms in order to meet the rising demand for K-League broadcasting in Vietnam.
The application notice is available on the websites of the provincial government and the Center for Creative Economy Innovation in South Chungcheong Province. After filling the form, applicants can apply to the Center for Creative Economy Innovation in South Chungcheong Province by 20th.
It has been found that depriving ideas occurred mostly in IT-related businesses and construction, while imitating product types occurred mostly in the fields of household goods such as bags and cosmetics.
The Korean Intellectual Property Office (KPTO) made an announcement on the 10th that it has reported more than 100 cases of unfair competition in a year since its first recommendation of correction in December 2017 to require companies imitating product types of the small and medium companies to stop producing and selling related products.
Among them, the largest number of cases were 47 reports of imitated products, followed by 34 reports of eprivation of ideas and 11 reports of unclear business entities.
The Korean Intellectual Property Office analyzed that the reason why copycat crimes frequently occur in these fields is because they can easily imitate product types and it is difficult to register designs due to rapid changes in trends.
It explains that it takes about four months on average from the start of the investigation to the final judgment and it is an effective system for individuals, small and medium enterprises and startups that are lacks of responsiveness without the need for an additional cost.
Lee Tae-hwi, head of the Fair Trade Commission's review department, says that the Sejong Government Building reviewed the terms used by four English test-takers on 8th and prompted them to correct the four types of unfair agreement clauses that are unfairly disadvantageous to applicants.
A total budget of 40.4 billion won, including 13.1 billion won in state funds will be put to construct The Sejong City Library, a 1-floor basement and 4-floor building with a floor space of 19,97 square meters.
Sejong City Library, a library zero-energy building pre-certified for the first time in the country, will be built using the latest methods of construction with the building energy efficiency 1++ class , green building excellence, fifth grade in zero-energy and the certification of barrier-free living environment (BF).
In contrast, state-run companies saw their operating profits drop 77.0 % in a year, marking the highest drop in profits among all industries.
In an interview with the British daily Guardian on 9th, Jorginho argued agains that he had a "special relationship" with Coach Maurizio Sarri.
The city held a taxi worker union meeting to gather various opinions, including the background of the taxi fare rise and the adjustment on the peak hour surcharge system.
A Market is a certain place for people to get together and at the same time, it refers to an abstract area where transactions of goods and services take place.
Under the market economy, market-determined prices will motivate market players to take part in the development of institutional creation, innovation and technology.
There were the third professional artists who made a living by selling paintings on the market in the pre-modern period but the market was not fully formed.
The military will place the General Directors Bureau (Culture and Welfare Bureau, Investment and Development Bureau) on the third floor of the main building and place the Strategic Business Office on the first floor of the new building with the new name of Investment Promotion Division and devide the Welfare Support Division into the Welfare Policy Division and the Social Welfare Division on 1 the first floor of the new building.
A total of 114 categories in eight categories were selected through a judging process from January to February this year and among them, Christianity was included in the fields of culture, art and religion.
It was found that the accuracy of demand forecasting was 97.2% after they carried out a trial operation from Nov. 6 to 11 last year with big data of 200 million information from January 2017 to July 2018.
In the case of Jinhwa, a taxi company that takes advantage of the system, it was found that its taxi drivers used the system the most from 4 a.m. to 7 a.m. and 9 p.m. to midnight, a time when it was not easy for passengers to catch a taxi.
In addition, taxi drivers will be able to receive predictive information based on actual data, breaking from the practice of waiting recklessly at places where they assuem passengers could be caught from their driving experiences.
The scene of the accident, which was disclosed by foreign media, shows the wreckage of the plane and the horrible situation at the time of the accident.
149 passengers and eight crew members were aboard the plane at the time and they carried out a search-and-rescue operation but there were no survivors, Ethiopian Airlines estimates said.
It also said there were passengers from at least 35 countries on board and among the most affected was is Kenya, which had about 32 passengers on board.
After conducting its own survey of consumers using the existing Pugo straw cups, Thermos  launched a new extremely capable 350ml straw cup in response to consumers' opinions that it needs one in a larger size.
The new product Foogo straw cup TKFB-350S is made in the Thermos's unique stainless steel vacuum insulated flask construction and keeps beverages hotter, cooler, enabling to keep the temperature at 12°C or lower on a six-hour basis.
Before the launch of the new product, Thermos Korea hosted a concert "2019 Foogo Cantabile" for the first-to-be moms to communicate with their babies on March 3 to cheer for pregnant women preparing for childcare and childbirth for the first time.
The military, which signed a contract with NH Nonghyup Insurance on July 7, will begin a project to provide insurance support for young people who serve in the military.
Those who serve in the military will be automatically registered for the insurance with the start of the military service without an additional subscription and will be automatically renewed on a yearly basis.
The insurance can be applied regardless of the individual insurance that they subscribed to, which is expected to significantly reduce the financial burden on young people who were injured while serving in the military.
The city of Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province, said on 11th that it will start a process to accept a 14,41 square meters of land and four pieces of structures that it has not yet completed the discusssion on, among the candidates that are to be incorporated in the combined City Hall construction project.
Last month, the city completed 'Viewing the Implementation Plan of Cheongju City Planning Facility (public office building) Project and Listening to Opinions on Business Recognition' in order to to obtain permission for the implementation plan, which is a preliminary procedure for the acceptance of the project.
The plan is aimed at reducing citizens' inconvenience and increasing efficiency of work by pushing forward construction work that has been delayed due to delays in purchasing the site of the city hall.
Coach Paulo Bento announced 27 players on the roster who will play the warm-up matches against Bolivia on June 22 and Colombia on June 26 at the National Football Center in Paju.
Webzen is planning to open an official community on it’s the website of "Master Tanker" and run its own a game strategy bulletin board to increase contact with users.
In the "Master Tanker" community, an official community run by Webzen, will be the very first place where major game information will be revealed such as updates after its launch and game-stabbing information will also be continuously posted to make it easier to play games.
Of the total project cost, 361.7 billion won will be used for railway structures such as bridges and tunnels and the improvement of old electric facilities.
188.2 billion won will be spent on the project to expand safety facilities to protect railway facilities and prevent accidents, 132.6 billion won will be spent on the project to expand the platform and improve soundproof walls and track crossing facilities in railway stations and 27.8 billion won will be spent for defect management 
To ease the financial burden on small and medium-sized companies, the corporation plans to use 435.4 billion won in the first half, amounting to 61.3% of the project's costs.
Marking its 11th anniversary this year, the "2019 PlayX4" is Korea's largest convergence game exhibition hosted by Gyeonggi Province and organized by Gyeonggi Content Agency and KINTEX.
The city completed the establishment of the system in December last year and conducted a trial operation for three months and also completed a tour briefing session for related affairs including people in charge of building permits of the 8 administrative welfare centers.
Based on this analysis, the smart licensing service was developed with a focus on helping  inexperienced employees deal with licensing tasks accurately and efficiently and reducing the amount of consultation time within the department to shorten the entire civil service processing period.
The Citizens' Congress for Consumer Sovereignty released the results on 11th after analyzing review results by the Korea Communications Commission from January to August 2017, which included 'Corrective Actions of violations of Device Distribution Act of the Three Mobile Carriers' 
the city council handled 18 agenda items during the session, including a bill to revise some of Pohang's local government employees' service ordinances, an agreement for the management of Manyindang, a bill to revise some of Pohang's marine leisure industry promotion ordinances and a bill on the reduction and management of fine dust in Pohang.
Eric Dyer, who had been in charge of the first build-up and covered the defense until last season, has yet to regained his form after being sidelined due to an appendectomy.
In order for Tottenham to advance to the Champions League, the midfield must awaken and do its part and they need to regain the teamwork of midfield and defense that it hasn't shown for the last three years.
DB coach Lee Sang-beom was active in renewing his contract, even trying to visit the U.S. but Burton finally decided to go to the NBA to find his dream.
In the game against Portland Trail Blazers on 12th of last month, he showed a good performance with 18 points and 3 blocks, playing 26 minutes, the longest time since his debut.
As the two-year term of center chief Han Tae-seoken ends in the middle of this month, the city posted an ad for the position and the former head of a department Park applied as a single candidate.
As the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province starts a process to hold a hearing for revocation of permission to open Greenfield International Hospital, the country's No. 1 for-profit hospital, a legal battle between Jeju Island and the hospital is expected to begin in earnest.
The Jeju Health and Health Ministry wanted to conduct an on-site inspection of the hospital but the hospital reportedly stopped city officials from entering the hospital.
Though briefly shaken by some players sidelined with injuries, the team dominated the play with a solid organizational power and outstanding individual skills.
With the existing main players such as Yang Dong-geun, Ham Ji-hoon, Lee Dae-sung and Lee Jong-hyun in good shape, "new faces" placed in each position greatly increased the team's strength.
Up until the last season, Won Joo DB, the winner of the regular league, was expected to easily win the championship after taking two wins first against Seoul SK.
PyeongChang County and Gangneung City attended the 2019 International Youth Winter Games in Lake Placid, the U.S., in January to announce their intention to host the event.
The failure to add three points was much more painful for Burnley and Southampton, given that they might be demoted to the second league.
Another reason is that the physical burden of key players is increasing towards the second half of the league becayse they failed to add more players before the season started.
This is because Opposite Agamez and Setter Roh Jae-wook of Woori Card have been sidelined due to injuries and Hyundai Capital has been placing new players to give some rest to its main players.
Though it failed to reverse the final ranking due to a big gap in points, Woori Card was able to get a head start in a trial test ahead of the playoff.
Hyundai Capital's main players, who didn't come out that day, will regain their forms in time for the first round of the playoffs through a light training next week.
The match between Hungkuk Life and Korea Highway Corporation in the 2nd round of the V-League Women's Championship match, which was broadcasted on the day of the opening of professional baseball, recorded 1.80% of ratings.
The cable channel KBS N will relay the 3rd round of the men's championship match (26th) and the 4th match of the women's championship (27th) instead of the professional baseball game held at Changwon NC Park.
At the meeting, Saad Bin Ahmad Al-Muhannadi expressed satisfaction with the process of Qatar E-Ring Road by Daewoo Engineering & Construction CO., LTD. and requested safety management and quality control until the completion date.
Saad Bin Ahmad Al-Muhannadi also inquired about Daewoo Engineering & Construction CO., LTD.’s ongoing joint venture investment projects overseas and expressed his interest in various overseas construction experiences and advanced construction technologies.
The US conservative camp, which has raised the issue of one-party dictatorship and human rights violation in Cuba, has insisted that the Crown Prince and his wife must cancel their visit to Cuba.
Prince Charles and his wife, Camilla, began a four-day visit on 24th(local time) by laying flowers on the grave of Jose Marti, Cuban independence hero, at the Revolution Square in Cuba's capital, Havana.
Prince Charles will visit the social studio of Jazz group Buena Vista during the visit and meet Cuban President Miguel Díaz-Canel.
The visit also shows inconsistencies with Donald Trump's administration policy, which is taking a strategy to isolate Britain and Cuba economically, the AP reported
Ahmad's joining is evidence that the British government is focusing on expanding trade with Cuba over the visit of the Crown Prince couple to Cuba, the Daily Mail said.
Before visiting Cuba, Charles couple visited the Commonwealth of the Caribbean, including St. Lucia, Barbados and St. Vincent, and served as a diplomatic envoy.
The request to drop out was growing with a suspicion that her husband, Yoon In-seok, former president of the Glass Holdings Co., had joined the police in case of Burning Sun.
In November of last year, it was discovered that her husband was arrested for unfair advantage of about 20 billion won by making an unauthorized private futures and options exchange, and Kim Na Young, a broadcaster, had a bad time, such as being edited entirely on a TV show.
There are only 6 players in the women's professional basketball who have taken the combined MVP, including Park Ji-su, Kim Young-ok, Tamika Catchings, Jeong Sun-min, Lim Young-hee and Park Hye-jin.
With this victory, Korean Air has won the championship title again, which it gave to Korean Air last season, with three consecutive wins against the regular league champion Korean Air.
The emergency committee of the Yeongjong International City in Incheon, Jung-gu, Seoul (Chairman Kim Won-gon, hereinafter abbreviated as "committee") held the 1st emergency meeting of 'The 1st Emergency Countermeasures meeting of the emergency measure committee, which support struggle against the construction of Yeongjong Phase II Dredged Soil arena, which is the possible Candidates for Alternative Landfill Sites in Metropolitan Wastes at the 4th floor of the Jung-gu Nonghyup Auditorium on the 26th.
On the day, the emergency committee decided to open a ‘signing ceremony for opposing struggle to all residents’, and to open an ‘committee official wide walk room’ for all residents to share their activities in real time.
The Trump faction has urged the politically motivated investigation and a separate investigation on the case, calling the suspicion, which led to the investigation of Robert Mueller Special Prosecutor, a ‘treason’.
The starting point of the investigation for the Russian scandal was that The FBI has found that the page, which formerly worked for Trump Camp, made a pro-Russian statement in Russia in July of the same year.
Israel has taken the Golan Heights in the 1967 Middle East War, known as the "6-Day War," but the international community, including the United Nations, regards it as an illegal occupation.
Israeli troops reported that a rocket rocked the Gaza Strip early this morning and wounded seven civilians, and they raided a Hamas military facility.
The new concept of integrated shopping application 'Dais' allows you to compare the prices of all products sold in the market at a glance without any restrictions on shopping items.
It does not only provide objective data on consumption, but also make a community in which people with the same taste can share their subjective assessments.
Jang Dong-hyun, CEO of SK, is attending the 28th annual general shareholders' meeting held at the Supex Hall, SK Seorin Building, Jongno-gu, Seoul on the 27th.
This year's 13th event will be held in various events such as full, half, 10km, 5km mini-course, and group competitions.
Nowadays, it's easy to listen to music and watch broadcasts on a smartphone, teenager’s difficulty in hearing is increasing due to exposure to noise at any time and any place.
Repeated exposure to such loud noises can cause damage to the cochlear hearing cells of the ear, resulting in noise-induced hearing loss.
If the hearing loss is gradually decreased and the severity of the hearing loss is present, it is easy to delay wearing the hearing aid due to the fear of exposure to the outside.
It is conducting scientific hearing aid fitting by being equipped with advanced hearing instruments such as Real-ear measurement(REM) and performance analysis equipment for each consultation room.
Ulsan city announced on the 27th that it will hold the 1st competition in 2021 of 'Asia's Top 100 City Sports Athletics', which can be called the Asian Games for daily sports activities.
According to Ulsan City, the board of directors of Asiania Sport for All Association(ASFAA) decided on Ulsan City as the venue of the 2020 Federation General Assembly and 2021 Asia's 100th Urban Sports Festival at the board of directors meeting held at Ulsan Lotte Hotel on the 21st.
President of ASFAA Pun Weng Kun from Macao, China, strived to invite the event to his country on the basis of various international leadership and abundant economic power, and Israel insisted on the necessity of inviting the event to Israel with its strong international organizational power and its advantageous information strength.
Song Cheol-ho, Ulsan Mayor also promoted Ulsan that has 295 stadiums for 63 athletic sports game as well as the traditional martial arts such as archery, Taekkyeon and Taekwondo.
Ulsan city is expected to be a good opportunity for Ulsan to develop its physical education level and become a global city once these events are held.
Since its release, NC is scheduled to update its "Siege of the World" where servers and servers are conflicting, and the "Revenge System" that tracks PK opponents.
As a torchbearer, 100 people including Jung Wan-jin, the patriot, men of national merit, representative citizens, head of Ministry of Patriots and Veterans Affairs, Daejeon mayor, and heads of organizations and government will participate and deliver torchlight in two groups.
The ceremony was held with the opening ceremony of Korean traditional percussion band at the Euneungjeongi Sky Road, carrying and lighting torch ceremony, the action performance of writing ‘Hurrah for Korean Independence day’ with the large brush, and the torch bearing of the patriot, men of national merit, representative citizens, head of Ministry of Patriots and Veterans Affairs and citizens.
When the torch parade arrives at Mokcheokgyo Bridge, a children's martial art performance by the Children's Demonstration Team of the World Police Federation is held. And at the Daejeon station, the welcoming crowd with the flash mob of the Korean Muscle fit Dance Association joins the torch relays.
It is expected that the touring temporary teachers will be dispatched to school for preventing from missing classes due to the regular teachers’ sudden sickness, and solve the difficulty of the school about employing short-term lecturers.
First, in the case of subway stations, we will carry out research on fine dust reduction by changing the operation method of the air-conditioning facility, and replace the air-conditioning equipment and filters after persisting period with 22.2 billion won.
In the case of 178 railway construction sites nationwide, measures such as increasing the quantity of watering and strengthening the water cleaning for vehicles which enter into the field, and installing anti-dust coatings are taken to reduce fine dust.
Ulsan City held a final demonstration on the construction of the drone delivery system for marine supply which is selected on the contest held by Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy by the Ulsan ICT Promotion Agency on the Ulsan Port General Pier on 27th.
At the demonstration, the TB503 (weight 13.5kg, diameter 1.2m) and ND810 (weight 24㎏, diameter 1.4m), which were developed by the drones manufacturer USIS and NeonTech, were introduced.
The use of drones in the future can save logistics costs and time, and can reduce environmental pollution because no petroleum-based fuel is used.
As a result of inquiries of the Ministry of Patriots and Veterans Affairs by the city, the monument was confirmed as a memorial monument of Ahn Jung-geun erected for the first time in the nation after liberation.
For this, the city plans to establish a dedicated organization with the 1 bureau 3rd section and request the approval of temporary organization in Gyeonggi Province so that the planning and support can be processed more quickly and efficiently.
When these roads are connected, a central road network will be actually established connecting Platform City, which will be built in Bojeong and Mabuk, town with the city hall, and Semiconductor Cluster.
Everything that belongs to the world, such as the seasons, the time, the space, and the names that live in the space, fade away as time passes.
Busan KT, who had become the sensational team of Korean Basketball League(KBL) this season, was in danger of being eliminated after it lost in 2 straight events in the 6th round of playoffs (best out of 5).
Almost all the players on the court, such as Yang Hong-seok, Huh Hoon, Kim Young-whan Kim Min-wook, as well as foreign players, Marcus Landry and Justin Dentmon, have the ability to shoot 3-point shoot.
If it fails to solve the problems revealed in the first and second games, this game can be the last spring stage of KT, which has reached the 6th round in 5 seasons.
In the groundbreaking ceremony held at the industrial complex on the day, 300 people attended the ceremony including Lee Jang-deok Pohang Mayor, Seo Jae-won Pohang City Council Chairperson, Yun Jong-Jin Gyeongsangbuk Administration Governor, Na Ju-young the president of Pohang industrial complex Ecological Restoration Council, Daegu Regional Environmental Office, members of Gyeongsangbuk-do Assembly, Pohang City Councilors, Environmental Citizens and Representatives of steel corporations.
This project was selected by the Ministry of Environment in April 2017 as an integrated, concentrated pollution tributary project along with the restoration of the Gumicheon Ecological Waters Restoration project and sewage pipe maintenance project.
When the facts became known, Incheon Regional Office of Oceans and Fisheries confirmed the site on 25th along with Korea Hydrographic and Oceanographic Agency(KHOA) which manages the water depth and officials of the Incheon Port Authority which is in charge of the waterway.
Incheon Regional Office of Oceans and Fisheries is also considering the possibility of safety accidents due to the impact of the sandbars on the Incheon Bridge pier.
The gap between the largest piers of Incheon Bridge is about 800m, and the waterway passing under Incheon Bridge is located near the center of the main tower and should have a minimum depth of 14m.
The Incheon Free Economic Zone Authority plans to increase the number of sites surveyed during the 6th phase of the evaluation of the after impact of the landfill ordered this year to prepare measures to cope with sedimentation.
The signature is LG's super premium product lineup, and the air conditioner is the 5th product following the refrigerator, OLED TV, washing machine, and humidifier air purifier.
Signature air conditioner is capable of all air management functions, from cooling and heating for controlling temperature to humidification and dehumidification for controlling humidity, and air cleaning system for cleaning indoor air in one unit.
The signature air conditioner is equipped with the 'Four Seasons Smart Care', an AI function that automatically optimizes the operation according to air conditioning, heating, air cleaning, humidification, and dehumidification.
Signature air conditioners will be available in a set of stand-up air conditioners for 76.03m2 and 7-level wall air conditioners for 23.14 m2 and will be available in May. 
According to the researchers, 1 in 4 of the first-year students surveyed (25.6%) were diagnosed with allergic rhinitis in the period when they are in the 6th grade
As a result of correcting factors such as gender and parental history which may affect the occurrence of allergic rhinitis, the risk of allergic rhinitis was 1.37 times higher in the group which use antibiotic products frequently than in the group which use them less.
At the start of the follow-up research, the researchers asked the parents about the "frequency of use in the last week" for 3 antimicrobial products in the home and compared it to the results of students' allergic rhinitis 6 years later.
Asiana Airlines said it has eliminated the main reason for the limited offer by accounting firms with reflecting addition of the provision for operating lease aircraft and the mileage, and fair value model of affiliate stocks.
The prime minister, Alexis Tsipras, said he was threatened by Turkish fighters during a helicopter ride to attend the Independence Day ceremony.
Facing the 4th game of the championship game, the performance of the players who will help Ace Lee Jae-young will be a key factor for Heungkuk Life Insurance, and for the Korea Expressway Corporation, it will be a matter of how much the players will overcome their depleted physical strength.
Lee Jae-young showed his ability as an ace with 34 points in the 3rd game of the women's championship game of the 2018-2019 professional volleyball league, V-league, in Gimcheon Gymnasium on the 25th.
Kim Na-hee, a veteran who came in on behalf of a rookie Lee Joo-ah, played a big role in helping to take the set with 3 points in 1 set.
The Korea Expressway Corporation, which played 6 games in 10 days since the 1st game of the play-off against GS Caltex on 15th, is a heavy physical burden as the game is repeated.
Huh Tae-jeong, Mayor of Daejeon, Lee Chun-hee, Mayor of Sejong, Lee Si-jong, Governor of Chungbuk Province, and Yang Seung-joo, Governor of Chungnam Province, signed a business agreement to broaden employment in the Chungcheong region.
The agreement included amendments to ordinances related to the broadening of mandatory employment and the relaxation of exemptions for mandatory employment, and the joint action of public organizations that were transferred before the enactment of the Urban Innovation Act to apply for recruitment of local personnel.
The Chungcheong region has been discussing the issue of broadening the recruitment scope of local personnel throughout the Chungcheong region, but have not reached a consensus because the interests of the 4 cities and provinces are different.
Chungcheongbuk-do has 10 public agencies which have obligation to recruit local personnel such as Korea Consumer Agency, Korea Gas Safety Corporation, and Korea Employment Information Service(KEIS). In Chungnam, there are 2 public agencies, Korea Midland Power Co. Ltd. and Korea Western Power Co. Ltd., and in Sejong, there are 19 sites including Korea Research Institute for Human Settlements, The Korea Development Institute and The Korea Transport Institute.
The old Jeonil building with bullet marks of the helicopter ground strafing will be decorated as a historical and cultural space, and the former Jeonnam Provincial Government Office and Jeonnam Police Station, which had been removed since the civilian army's use as headquarters on the May 18th Democratic Uprising, will be restored to original shape.
There were helicopter gun bullet marks in the Jeonil building, and it became a crucial proof that former President Chun Doo-hwan was tried for libel defamation.
While The World Health Organization(WHO) has promulgated the introduction of the gaming disorder Code in the 11th International Classification of Disease(ICD-11) in May, it was set as a time to unravel misunderstandings surrounding games overindulgence and to highlight its cultural and educational value.
Professor Kim Sang-gyun of Kangwon National University department of Industrial Engineering plans to conduct in-depth conversations of the session that go beyond 'misunderstanding' of the game to 'truth and solution'.
According to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), 76 people including the road maintenance person A (51) file a petition in November of the same year, saying that the business place managed the commute through the fingerprint reader from September 1 last year without their consent.
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) judged that collecting fingerprint information without employee consent and managing the commute by fingerprint reader violated Article 15 Section 1 of Personal Information Protection Act. and violated personal information self-determination rights guaranteed by the Constitution.
Although the validity can be fully recognized in that the fingerprint recognition system is used for objective purposes for service management, but biometric information such as fingerprints is very sensitive information, so strict standards and caution are required for collection and management.
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) said that especially in order to collect and use fingerprint information, it must obtain the consent of the information authority pursuant to Article 15 of the Personal Information Protection Act, and if they disagree, alternative means should be prepared.
Songho Tourist Site, the 6th view of 8 Scenic Views of Yangsan in Yeongdong, boasts spectacular scenery with a pine forest over 100 years old at 284,000㎡ along the course of Geum River.
The Geumgang Dulle-gil, which overlooks the hidden marvelous spots of 8 Scenic Views of Yangsan around Songho Tourist Site, is loved as the 6km well-being sightseeing course to enjoy the beautiful scenery of the Geum river.
In addition, additional facilities including a wine theme park, a caravan, a wine experience hall (opened in June), and a water slide (opened in July) are set up, and sightseeing with special themes can be enjoyed together.
In the second half of the year, they will jointly hold the ‘Hyeongsan River Environment Forum' for ways to develop the joint system of environmental management of Hyeongsan River water system and to improve environmental management, and will make efforts to develop a citizen consensus to protect the Hyeongsan River water ecosystem.
KB Financial Group Chairman Yoon Jong-gyu responded to shareholders who want him to explain the low share price at the shareholders' meeting held at the KB Financial Group headquarters in Yeouido, Seoul on 27th.
Heo in, president of the Kookmin Bank purchased 3062 shares of KB Financial Group on 12th, and president Yoon bought treasury shares 14 times since his inauguration in 2015.
An official of Ministry of Food and Drug Safety is showing false and over-hyped products that are effective in removing fine dust in the body at Seoul Regional Korea Food Drug Administration on 27th.
According to local media, John Delaney, who served as the chairman of the Irish Football Association, soon became chairman of the association again after his term, and revealed that he handed the club a check worth 100,000 EUR (about 130 million won).
The interests of the players who want stability or emergency fund and the clubs that want to catch the stars are intertwined, and the cases of getting extra-large contract extensions before being FA.
If the stars are playing with affection for the team by this situation, it explains that there can be the great good function like watching fierce games between rivals such as New York Yankees and Boston.
As a result, SK Innovation will build an electric vehicle battery plant in Seosan in Chungnam Province, Changzhou in China, Hungary, and Georgia in the United States, and the plants for the core component LiBS will be built in the global trilateral system including Changpyeong, Changzhou and Poland.
The Wonju Memorial Park covers a total area of 34,303㎡ and includes a cremation facility with a total of 7 cremation furnaces, and a charnel House that can place 10,000 memorial tablets.
The art marketplace has been on the rise since the establishment in Hong Kong for the Asian art market by the world's top art fair, Swiss Art Basel, but it shows the lack of good news this year.
In addition to Andy Warhol's ‘flower’ of millions of dollars which appeared as the best of the year, works of important artists in contemporary art history such as German neo-expressionist Georg Baselitz, British artist Damien Hirst, Chinese avant-garde artist Zengpanz, were assembled.
Richard Nagy Gallery, based in London, England, has set up a special exhibit booth with about 40 pieces of drawing and paintings by Egon Schiller, which is difficult to proceed even for the leading art galleries.
POSCO E & C participated as a construction investor of Uijeongbu Rhythm City Co., Ltd., which is a developer of the project this month, and by 2022, it will develop site development projects such as roads, parks, and green areas and apartment houses in the complex.
A junior high school student bought into a piece of writing that if she lent 100,000 won, she could receive 20,000 won more as interest on the principal after a week, but she did not receive money after having made a 'substitute deposit'.
The Arizona starter on the day was Donald Zackary Greinke, who was a LA Dodgers colleague, and the Dodgers lineup showed off its power against Grange and reduced the burden on Ryu Hyun-jin.
After Park Chanho’s victory over the Milwaukee Brewers in the opening game of the Los Angeles Dodgers in April 2001, he was the second Korean player to win the opening game.
Even after moving to the Texas Rangers the following year, he made his 1st start in the opening game, but failed to win by scoring 6 runs in 5 innings.
Choi Ji-man started the first major league opening in the home game against the Houston Astros at St. Petersburg's Tropicana Field, but ended up with 4 hits.
Choo Shin-su, only all-star of the team last year, was expected to play in the opening game as a designated hitter, but Hunter Fence hit the game as the 5th designated hitter.
The city is expected to have a synergy effect when it is linked with the e-sports stadium operating platform to be constructed in the future, which can analyze strategy, classify pro-gamers and predict the winning rate.
In addition, a player who has purchased a premium pass (9.99 dollars) on Steam will receive the various rewards such as more special skins, emotions and XP.
The MVP, who got the upper hand by accumulating the Dragon 4 stack early in the game, could not penetrate Winners' last line of defense, centered on 'gap' Yoo Sun-woo (Kai'Sa,).
Mortex Co., Ltd. recently announced that it has become famous after selecting the broadcaster Jeon Hyun-moo as an exclusive model of functional pillow brand "Motex pillow" that can adjust the height.
The electric power produced by the solar loop can run about 1300 km a year, which means that it has secured the competitiveness of environment friendly cars.
The funds will be utilized for financing of zero-interest loans, start-up funds, mid- to long-term equity investments, etc. to technologically innovative companies with potential for growth in semiconductor equipment materials and components.
Specifically, it will invest 48 billion won in establishing a win-win cooperation center to be used as a start-up research space, a meeting room, and a training center for large- and medium-sized enterprises in the cluster, a semiconductor-specialized safety education facility, and an energy reduction infrastructure.
If you select a model without a pre-installed app, you can get a smartphone that does not have the apps pre-installed by mobile operators like 'customer center' or 'video service' 'one store'.
Choi Jin-soo, who has been re-signed with Orion for 5 years after acquiring the free-agent status(FA), has scored an average of 13.6 points per game and 5.3 rebounds per game this season, ranking the 5th player in the Korean national team.
Orion is forced to rely on the willpower of the remaining players and their ability to advance into the playoffs (PO) over the unfavorable conditions of the season.
Extraordinary events that a famous 1st division league team is defeated by an unnamed 4th division league team, and a young and ambitious college team breaks down a seasoned professional team are the virtues that only FA Cup has.
Apple Arcade has a clear constraint on the platform, so it can be competitive only after a lot of high-quality games are released.
What are the similarities between the fine dust that is attacking the Korean Peninsula from time to time, the killer robots like Terminator, and the Ransomware 'Wanna Cry' that shook the global cyber space in 2017?
According to a report released by Hyundai Research Institute on 17, the economic loss due to fine dust amounted to 4.23 trillion won.
If traditional security focuses on the military problem of country, new security focuses on life-threatening threats that can cause damage in everyday life.
Indeed, criticism is always poured out when it comes to the problems of people on the edge of the Korean society, such as women, disabled, and migrants, as well as youth.
There is a hole in the safety net so the individual must carry all the load, and it is Koreans' survival method that only clings to the exclusive familism, the only support of life.
With the championship, the 4th place fight, and the relegation dogfight which will begin in real earnest, and fans are looking at the big matches of Liverpool FC and Tottenham Hotspur FC this round.
It is the watershed of victory that how active Son Heung-min is in the side to relieve the burden of Dele Alli, Christian Eriksen and Harry Edward Kane in the center.
The advertising platform 'Screen Shop' developed by Neo Interactive (CEO, Kim Sung-woo) is a platform that adds a hash keyword (Hash Keyword) to dynamic banner of motion image.
A newborn baby was found dead inside the toilet of the train toilet room of Mugunghwa-1707 of Chungbuk Line, which arrived in Jecheon, from Daejeon about 2:30 pm on the day.
The Federation may punish the club for violating the guidelines by more than 10 points deducted, not having its audience at home games, taking a home game in the 3rd-party area which the confederation designated, penalties of more than 20 million won, and warnings.
Han-ol haegeum Ensemble Team will appear in ‘The West Sea Peace Street started in Yeongjongdo Festival’ hosted by the dreaming village and sponsored by Incheon International Airport Corporation in commemoration of the month of the disabled at the performance hall of the sky culture center in Unseo-jung, Incheon at 3 pm on April 27.
This flag, which seemed to be plugged into every house of three houses, fluttered in the strong winds and broke the stillness of the village.
Two years after the redevelopment project was abandoned, slumism has become serious due to the aging of housing and roads.
Midfielder Lucas Moura equalized in the 25th minute of the first half, right after Son Heung-min went into the field on behalf of defender Davinson Sanchez.
The welfare ministry added that the pension amount of the basic pension recipient, which is in the bottom 20-70% income group, will be raised from 250,000 won to 253,750 won to reflect the inflation rate of 1.5% in the previous year.
Liverpool's Mohamed Salah is cheering when Tottenham’s Toby Alderweireld scored an own goal in the English Premier League between Liverpool F.C. and Tottenham Hotspur F.C. at the Anfield Stadium in England on 31 last month(local time).
Tottenham Hotspur F.C., who did not have any chance to win, including a one-on-one duel with goalkeeper which Moussa Sissoko was faced, a false step cross by Danny Rose, and Dele Alli’s inside-shoot, gave Liverpool a goal in the 45th minute with Toby Alderweireld’s own goal.
This tactic can be seen the preconceived plan by Mauricio Pochettino, who believes that the team will be lagging behind the opponent in the stamina.
Arnold's cross from the left side crossed Tottenham’s penalty box and was sent to Mohamed Salah, who poked close to the other post.
Despite the defeat, it managed to stay 3rd, but now it cannot secure the 4th place to qualify for the UEFA Champions League.
If they break, the home team will be punished by more than 10 points deducted, not having its audience at home games, and penalties of more than 20 million won.
It is a collective protest from the teachers about one female teacher was dismissed because the photographs with the exposures uploaded by a female teacher were inappropriate.
Tatiana Kuvshinnikova(38), an English teacher who lives in Barnaul, Siberia, posted a picture of wearing a purple glossy short cocktail dress on her SNS.
In order to diversify export products, the Ministry of Industry is counting the export trends of the 20 major items reflecting the new industry, in addition to the existing 13 main products from this month.
The Chinese government has already begun discussing the introduction of the social credit system through the State Council in 2007. In 2014, the Chinese government announced the ‘Guidelines for the Construction of the Social Credit System’, and disclosed concrete system construction plans and pilot operation plans.
Those who have done good deeds such as blood donation, volunteer service, and investment attraction are given points, and those who have committed moral or legal violations such as tax evasion, violation of traffic regulations, are marked down, as reward and punishment are taken according to the score.
Therefore, there is a lot of caution against the emergence of 'Big Brother' or 'dystopia' countries, where all activities of social members are monitored on-line and off-line and private life is thoroughly disclosed.
It is the core of the social credit system that the massive personal information which these companies have and the personal information of administrative and judicial agencies are concentrated in the government's credit information network.
It is also a problem that the government controls the society by using personal information. However, it is the most fundamental problem that the possibility of unauthorized collection and leakage of personal information increases and 3rd parties use or leak the information without their consent.
The opinion that the excessive protection of personal information is preventing the development of the data industry and various mixed-use industries, and the opinion that more sophisticated personal information protection is needed in the development of the technology are in a fierce standoff.
In the information age, it is difficult to recall or discard information which is already exposed, and concentration of information can be a target of attack by hackers.
The focus will be on which information to protect more than what information is to be released, and the information industry should be developed with a stable information protection and management foundation.
The Korean government needs to find an appropriate balance between information protection and utilization, and in particular, to make ethical limitations on the use of personal information through ongoing discussions with companies that are the subject of information use.
The city is is busy preparing to welcome tourists by holding a meeting on the spot by Lee Young-suk, deputy mayor, to solve the garbage collection problem, parking and traffic problems on May 1 at the Heungmu Park where traffic congestion is expected.
The senior Asian Football Confederation (AFC) and the top international organization, FIFA, as well as The Federation and the Korean Football Association, strictly prohibit all political propaganda in the grounds.
Zidane chose the players who had not been given the opportunity over the all positions from attack, defense, to midfield.
Luca Zidane Fernandez, Zidane's second son and 3-option goalkeeper, was able to grab his goalkeeper gloves after 10 months.
Including Lucas Vazquez Iglesias, who has been named as a Joker card during Zidane’s first season, he brought the rookie striker Federico Valverde and Mariano Diaz Mejia, who has inherited the No. 7 position following Cristiano Ronaldo(Juventus).
Considering Zidane's preference for flexible customized tactics rather than innovative changes, the game is very dramatic.
Zidane's eyes have already been pointing to the next season, as he has begun to wear his colors quickly, such as appointing Isco again and using his son Lucca.
The ceremony on the day was attended by about 150 people, including Choi Jong-hwan, Mayor of Paju, member of the National Assembly, members of provincial and municipal councils, taxi officials and villagers, and congratulated the operation of 1000won Taxi.
In response to requests for further selection of villages, Paju plans to secure system security and budget based on the results of the operation for the first half of the year.
Choi Ji-man, who showed strong performance from the demonstration game, had impressive performance with the start of the league and it is said that he turned a green light on being hired as a key player.
Woods won victory by 2 holes in the 16th straight match against Rory McIlroy which was called as the best match of the tournament and preview final.
Cesinha has recorded offense points in all of the matches played in the K-League and the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Champions League this season.
Cesinha was named the "most difficult player" in a survey conducted by foreign players in K-League 1 before the start of the season.
As Jeonju aviation battalion's relocation was completed in 5 years, Eco City 2nd stage development project which made old site as eco-friendly new city was on track.
The city of Jeonju announced on the 31st that it plans to carry out the eco-city 2nd stage development project for the Songcheon-dong and Jeonmi-dong areas where the air base was located near the old 35th division.
Jeonju City has been promoting eco-city development project to develop northern region of Hosung, Songchon and Jeonmi-dong since the signing of Memorandum of Agreement on the relocation of the 35th division with the Ministry of Defence in 2005.
The city tried to promote the eco-city 2nd stage development project from 2014, but it was delayed while it was difficult to select the candidate for the aviation battalion's relocation.
They reeled with the kill made by "Cacao" Lee Byung-kwon (Taliyah)’s intervention in the line from the bottom, but they got the balance in the 16th minute by winning two kills in the jungle.
According to the recently revised KOSPI / KOSDAQ listing regulations, a one-year improvement period can be granted without a re-audit, but Kyung Nam Pharm.CO.,LTD. decided to pursue a re-audit immediately.
The environmental groups insisted that steel mills, including Hyundai Steel, should cut down on air pollutants drastically and the government should strengthen management measures for large-scale emission plants.
On 28th last month, Korean Federation for Environmental Movement pointed out the problems of Hyundai-Steel Co., Ltd. and POSCO, which are large-scale emission plants for industrial air pollutants, in front of the head office of Hyundai-Steel Co., Ltd.
Hyundai Steel said it will reduce its air pollutant emissions from the previous year's 23,300 tons last year by 530 billion won to 12,100 tons by 2021.
The purpose of this agreement is to realize the social value by realizing clean and beautiful rural villages and raising the interests of farmers through cooperation between the two institutions.
Ssangyong Motor held a shareholders' meeting and a board meeting at its Pyeongtaek plant in Gyeonggi-do on 29th, and appointed Ye Byeong-tae, vice President of Marketing and Chief Operating Officer (COO), as the new CEO.
Jeju Island announced on 31st that it is carrying out various projects such as campaigning for wearing camellia flower badges, 4·3 peaceful travel, 4·3 public debate, 4·3 human rights symposium of the United Nations, and 4·3 nationwide publicity project.
Jeju 4·3 Peace Foundation and National Committee for Jeju 4·3 will open a 71-year anniversary ceremony in Gwanghwamun Square in Seoul at 11 am and conduct ritual rituals by religious groups starting from noon on 3rd. 
Jeju Island and the 4·3 Peace Foundation will organize the UN Human Rights Symposium on the theme of Jeju 4·3, human rights, accountability and reconciliation at the UN Headquarters in New York on June 20th.
The type of disability used in the material included intellectual disabilities in 9 articles, wheelchair in 5 articles, mixed disability types in 3 articles, visual impairment in 2 articles, and hearing impairment in 1 article.
Over 500 people including local pastors, heads of the organization, and steering committee members will attend the morning worship service held at 7 am at Iri Shinkwang Presbyterian Church (Pastor Jang Deok Sun).
Even if it was not included in the 7th criterion, it should have been excluded if there were suspicions that were incompatible with the people's level of eye and emotion, such as tricks.
The dead were known to be unaware of each other, and a suicide note that said it was ‘economically difficult’ was found on the scene.
Chungbuk Development Corporation, which was in charge of the project, completed the investigation of the obstacle after receiving approval by Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, and Transport to change the industrial complex plan last November.
There are major works of calligraphers from ancient times to modern times, from Choi Chi-won of Silla, Chusa Kim Jeong-hee of Joseon to contemporary calligraphers.
The government held the 'Expansion Nation Tourism Strategy Conference' with the President attending at 'Kyungwon Jae' in Songdo, Incheon, and announced the 'Korea Tourism Innovation Strategy' which includes this content on 2nd.
In addition, in order to vitalize medical tourism, which is a high-value tourism industry, it plans to open a local Korean Medical Cooperation Center in Vietnam in the second half of this year and promote excellent Korean medical technology in major countries such as Russia, Vietnam, China and Saudi Arabia.
If the team fails to comply with this, the team that is responsible for the management can be punished by score of 10 or more points deducted, home game without its audience, holding a home game at the 3rd regional designated by the Federation, penalty of more than 20 million won, and warning.
Kim, who was from Yeongcheon, passed the 34th administrative examination and entered the public office. He also served as the information and communication officer in Gyeongbuk province, Chief Secretary, and deputy mayor of Yeongcheon.
Depending on the content, local Ministry of Education that receives the application directly connects the business related departments, or in case of complex issues requiring collaboration between departments, it organize the support team supported immediately.
Gyeongnam FC received disciplinary punishment of 20 million won for the election campaign of Hwang gyo-an, the representative of Liberty Korea Party in the stadium.
They also considered that it was not enough to control a large number of election campaigners with a small number of people, and that the club did not violate the obligation of political neutrality directly. 
Before the 71st anniversary of Jeju 4·3, Mayor Park Won-soon mentioned on his Facebook about the truth of Jeju 4·3 and the recovery of honor on 2nd.
Jeju 4·3 is an incident in which residents were victimized during the armed conflict and repression that occurred in Jeju Island on April 3, 1948 and it was the 71st anniversary this year.
Kim Jung-jae, a member of Liberty Korea Party, whose district is Pohang Buk-gu, initiated a special bill for the Pohang Earthquake, which consists of a special bill for rescue and support of the Pohang earthquake, and a special bill for investigating the Pohang earthquake and building a safe society on 1st.
Im Sung-jae had a dream of winning his 1st debut with a lead in the 2nd round, but he tied for the 3rd place in the 3rd round and had to be satisfied with entering the Top 10 by losing control on his shot.
Ahn Byung-hoon (28), who failed to advance to the Round of 16 by scoring 1 win and 2 losses in group stage of the World Golf Championship (WGC) Dell Technology Match Play Championship ended on the day, also dropped 3 places in the world rankings from 51 to 54, and missed the Masters.
There is a cold evaluation of local media about Tottenham, which has lost 4 of its last 5 matches in the English Premier League (EPL).
Tottenham played good enough to be named as a winner until the beginning of the year, but it has been falling without success in the second half of the league.
‘The Daegu City Social Service Center’ (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Social Service Center’), which was established by the city itself, has begun to operate in earnest on 1st, attracting attention as to whether it can bring about changes in the local welfare environment.
According to the city, the social service work is a project that is being promoted as a national political agenda of the government, and the local government establishes the social service corporation and operates the national and public welfare facilities directly for the better welfare administration.
According to the city, the exchange of sites will be promoted in the way of replacing 40,000 ㎡ of the site of the former 1st Army headquarters with land owned by Wonju which is currently used by the Ministry of National Defense.
Since the city can get a land with a great potential for development and the Ministry of Defense can take ownership of the military site, both sides are reviewing it positively.
Hyundai Steel said on 1st that it will reduce its air pollutant emissions, which is 23,300 tons, to 11,600 tons by 2021 when the environment improvement investment is completed, and invest a total of 530 billion won in improving air pollution prevention facilities and scattered dust environment.
Hyundai Steel has invested a total of 2.7 trillion won in the environment, including the introduction of a closed-type raw material store (photo), a closed-type cargo handling facility, a dust collector, and a drainage finisher to build environmentally friendly facilities since its establishment in Dangjin, Chungnam.
Recently, in order to cope with fine dust issues, it has concluded a contract to reduce air pollutant emissions with local governments and taken various measures such as implementing fine dust reduction measures.
The leaders and delegations of the 22 members of the Arab League held the 30th Arab League Summit in Tunis, the capital of Tunisia, and discussed Arab issues, including civil wars in Syria, Libya and Yemen on 31st (local time).
Ahmad Abul Ghad, secretary-general of the Arab League, said they would submit a resolution to the UN Security Council that would not recognize Israel's sovereignty over the Golan Heights and seek legal advice from the International Court of Justice.
Brazilian President Jair Messias Bolsonaro, who is visiting Israel, said he would set up a trading office that is as good as the embassy in Jerusalem.
At Hyundai E & C, which had a difficult season, Jung Ji-yoon, who achieved her share with 33.33% attack success rate, got the Rookie of the Year award dramatically.
The federation decided at the game evaluation meeting that the action violated the articles of associations, ‘political neutrality and non-discrimination’ and ‘detailed guidelines on election campaigns’ and submitted it to the committee meeting to determine reward and punishment.
It can legally respond even if the EU implements additional safeguards by securing the authority to suspend the Concession of Tariff in accordance with the agreement procedure.
The suspension can be implemented after the third year of Safeguard or from the earliest point after the WTO determines that the Safeguard violates the agreement.
As the recent economic downturn has become clear, many believe that the government should increase spending to boost growth and contribute to the expansion of social safety nets.
The government is adopting expedients such as 'conservative spending' and 'taking out funds' in order to solve the contradictions that it should avoid the extension of the income foundation (the increase in universal taxation) with increasing expenditures.
Former deputy mayor Park Byeong-gyu (currently Gwangju City Social Solidarity Jobs Specialist), who is targeted for expulsion, and former chairman Lee Ki-gon have actively cooperated with Gwangju-type jobs opposed by the union.
The union, which holds the regular conference of delegations at the Sohari factory in Gwangmyung, Gyeonggi Province on 1st, will discuss the issue of deprivation of union members, two former chairmen of Gwangju branches, along with the issue of wage increases to be proposed during the wage negotiations this year.
He played a leading role as a key person among those close to the former president Yoon in the Gwangju-type job conclusion that signed an investment agreement with Gwangju City and Hyundai Motor earlier this year.
The victim 's family is shedding tears at the place of enshrinement in Jeju 4·3 Peace Park in Bongae-dong, Jeju City, where The 71st anniversary of the Jeju 4ㆍ3 was held on the morning of the 3rd.
Through this nationwide competition, it is expected that it will be of help to improve the skills of swimming enthusiasts and expand the base, as well as to revitalize the local economy.
Jeju 4·3 incident occurred when 6 people were killed in firing by police at the ceremony held on Jeju Island on March 1, 1947.
Uljin Guemgangsong Song-I has the thick and hard outer skin with a strong storage quality and flavor, so it is one of the best pine mushrooms.
The event will be attended by members of the Korea Veterans Association, Korea Freedom Federation, and National Concil of Saemaul Undong Movement, which have signed business agreements with the Korea Forest Service, and they will plant pine trees and rowan trees. 
Pine trees and rowan trees are effective species for reducing fine dusts, and they are expected to have an effect on restoring forest fire burned areas and reducing fine dust.
Yeongdeungpo-gu announced on 3rd that it will open 'Underland', a space where young people can enjoy various leisure activities such as entertainment, relaxation, culture and arts on 4th.
The eco-friendly specialized research center, which was built with 5 billion won at government expense and provincial budget for the past 3 years, entered into the Fisheries Resources Research Institute in Boryeong, Chungnam.
The research center, which has a total floor area of 2,999㎡, consists of 2 floors in 3 buildings, including a multi-purpose cultivation center for research on preservation of food species, and a specialized research center equipped with cutting-edge information and communication technology (ICT) breeding facilities and track-type water tanks and a mechanical center.
‘Jeju 4·3 History Tour 'event was held to confirm the historical truth of 4·3 and to reclaim the value of reconciliation and peaceful coexistence with the united whole nation.
Jeju announced on 3rd that it will invite a total of 90 people including power bloggers, SNS reporters and civil servants belonging to 14 cities including Seoul and Busan until 4th for the nationalization of Jeju 4·3, and hold 'knowing Jeju 4·3 right' event.
The event was planned to promote the values and spirit of Jeju 4·3 nationwide, which will heal the pain of past history through reconciliation and co-existence and move to the era of peace and human rights.
Participants, who put the camellia flower badge, which is the symbol of Jeju 4·3, on the chest, watched Jeju 4·3 Peace Park, where they can learn the value of peace and human rights by the outbreak, development, and the result of Jeju 4·3.
On the history visit, Kim Jong-min, the former special committee member of the 4·3 Central Committee, conducted the lecture and commentary for the proper understanding of Jeju 4·3.
The area of 'Haitai Hill’ in jeju city, a sick history site of 4·3, where anyone who has visited Jeju could pass at least once, got back to its old name 'Daejung Mo(Ma)lu’.
Jeju City announced on 3rd that it plans to relocate the Haitai statue built there and restore it to its former name, ‘Doryeongmolu’, as the place that is called Haitai Hill until now is identified as a massacre site of Jeju 4·3.
After the road was opened at the intersection of Nohyeong 5 way and Sinjeju entrance, in 2009, when the road name was determined, the opinions of the local residents were collected and the road name "Doryeong-ro" has used to this day.
Last year, it was chosen as the starting point for the eastern part of the 'Dark Tour' which promotes awareness about the importance of peace through the history with the extreme hardship.
The Ministry of Gender Equality and Family presented mobile games and nonprofit games that do not utilize personal information that are excluded from shutdown applications in the announcement.
A console device that ‘almost became’ the shutdown target will apply a shutdown if the cost is added in some way to play the game.
The industry is predicting that this can be a stepping stone to broadening the scope of regulation for games such as gambling.
Woori nanum Co., Ltd. is a subsidiary-type standard workplace for the disabled of WooRi P&S LTD., an affiliated company of Woori Bank, and Happy Angel Co., Ltd. is a subsidiary-type standard workplace for the disabled of IntroMan Co., Ltd. Which is specialized in outsourcing, headhunting and management consulting.
In March last year, the Ministry of Defense selected 2 sites, including Ubo-myeon, Gunwi-gun, Bian-myeon, Uiseong-gun, and Sobo-myeon, Gunwi-gun, as Daegu Airport unification transfer candidates, and the business progress has been sluggish for 1 year due to the difference of the costs of relocation project.
Smilegate said it had signed a collective agreement with the Smile Gate union 'SG Guild' at the Pangyo Smile Gate Campus building in Seongnam city at 11 am on 3rd.
It will develop K Ocean Route, a sea route that runs all over the country, linking marine leisure tourism hubs, marinas, and ocean healing facilities, and will also promote cruise tourism and island sightseeing.
It is noteworthy whether a Korean medalist will be born in eight years after Park Tae Hwan in this tournament where the best players of the world will race for a gold medal and the Olympic Games.
The best star of the tournament is Caeleb Dressel(23, USA), who won gold medal in the Rio de Janeiro Olympics 400m relay and 7 gold medals at the World Championships in Budapest.
In this tournament, it is also a matter of whether the sing South-North Korea team that was seen in women's ice hockey and table tennis last year will be composed.
72-boat of the 60-ton class of the Sokcho marine police sank in the sea 2.5 miles east of Geojin-eup, Goseong-gun at around 5:20 am on January 23, 1980.
Jeonju City announced on 2nd that it plans to apply for 2019 Education for sustainable development (ESD) Official Project Certification System of the UNESCO by 12th, in order to publicize the excellence of Seonosong Art Village project.
This certification system is implemented by the Korean National Commission for UNESCO to honor and support educational commitments and efforts for sustainable living.
Jeonju City is planning to promote maintaining alley landscapes and roads, creating a community space and Culture and Art Complex, and fostering resident community in the area of Sonosong-dong (110,000 ㎡) including Sunmi town from 2017 by 2020 through 7.4 billion won.
As the relocation project was a long-awaited project of the residents near the sewage treatment plant, it could cause a big wave if it is carried out differently from the original plan.
Actually, in February, 'Daejeon Sewage Treatment Plant Transfer Task Force' composed of residents in the vicinity of the sewage terminal treatment plant called for the rapid transfer of the treatment plant and held a rally in front of the main gate of The R&D Innovation Cluster of the Republic of Korea.
As the music fountain of Deokjin Park in Jeonju, Jeonbuk Province started to operate on the 2nd day when the spring weather was clear, the citizens who took a walk were enjoying the cool spray that came from the fountain with music.
The wave of massive advertising mission that started in Gyeongsang Province in July last year goes through the Jeolla province, the second campaign area, to Jeju, the third campaign area.
The third Jeju Island campaign, ‘Evangelize Korea’, which will be held for one month starting on June 1, will be jointly organized by Jeonham Association, Inc. (head director Lee Jung-min) which conveys God by advertisements, Jeju Holy City Movement, Jeju Provincial Christian Council of Churches, and the Jeju 5 local church council.
A large gospel advertisement with the love of God is built on the outer walls of 463 churches throughout Jeju and a total of 230,000 gospel advertising fliers are supported.
The Gospel advertisement stickers for 22,500 vehicles will be distributed to the Christian families of Jeju Island, and the vehicles used by the residents and tourists will soon become moving mission areas.
Here, the existing gospel advertisement model of ‘Evangelize Korea’ campaign, the comedian Kim Ji-sun, the singer Park Ji-heon, and the actor Ju Dae-young will continue to cooperate and strengthen the advertising mission.
The small movie theater, which will be set up on 2,190㎡ of land at 410-6 Junction Hyun-ri, has 1 basement level and 3 stories above ground, and there are a total of 100 seats, 50 seats each in theater 1 and 2.
The small movie theater is expected to be completed in June 2020 and the Gapyeong Cultural Center will be completed in December of the same year. They will contribute to the harmony of the people and welfare by improving the quality of life for the people's culture and healthy leisure activities.
On the other hand, the military opened the multiplex cinema '1939 Cinema' for the first time in the Gapyeong Music Village on the 29th of last month, thereby solving the inconvenience of the people who had to go far to see the movie.
In the block-chain and cryptographic industries, which are suffering from the recent downturn, technological advances will appear as time goes by, and it will be popularized.
In addition, it is said that the block chain technology can be actively utilized in the construction of the smart city which the Korean government actively promotes.
Ethereum 2.0 version tries to solve the existing scalability problem by introducing 'Casper' of PoS method and 'Sharding' method of dividing data and processing speed.
In this situation, if large companies can support small and medium-sized enterprises through government support, it will be a great help to build energy management system and reduce energy of the small and medium-sized enterprises.
If Korea Energy Agency's large-to-small-sized cooperation projects are utilized well, large corporations can establish mutually beneficial partnerships with partner companies to fulfill corporate social responsibilities and mitigate the burden by securing greenhouse gas emissions.
Korea has set a target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 37% by 2030 compared to the Business as Usual(BAU), and is pursuing various policies such as a goal management system and emission trading system.
With the increase in the number of projects with pork barrel, it is highly likely that the finances will be bad and the side effects such as development thoughtless for the environment and surging real estate prices are likely to occur.
Son Heung-min moved in from the right side of the penalty area to the center after receiving a pass by Christian Eriksen in the 10th minute of the second half, and outpaced the defense and hit a left-footed shot, which grazed his opponent's feet and shook the right of goal nets.
The city and the fire officials put out the fire over night by mobilizing 55 units of equipment including 16 fire engines and 2,400 manpower, and caught a large fire at about 1:15 am on the 4th.
Cheonan City, which is selected as the 8 candidates from the 2nd presentation screening result after passing the 1st file screening of the contest for the Soccer Complex Center, is on the verge of a 3rd round of on-site inspection, scheduled for mid-month.
Reporter Yang Yoon-kyung also said that he pointed out to Bae chairman, who had been brushing teeth, to ‘save water’ and had a controversy, so the next day he wrote a report.
The Yedang Lake Suspension Bridge in Yesan-gun, Chungnam Province was officially certified by The Korea Record Institute(KRI) as 'the longest and highest pylon bridge on the lake'.
The Korea Record Institute(KRI) Verification Service team reviewed the record evidence such as the blueprint submitted by the province, the bird's-eye view, the actual data, the 3rd-party confirmation, and the construction verification document, and certified it as a new record.
Chungcheongnam-do held the "Naepo New City Cultural Facilities District Comprehensive Plan, Establishment of the Museum of Art and Public Parks, Feasibility Study and Basic Plan Establishment Service’ report meeting at the Chungnam Library Multipurpose Room on 4th.
Jeju announced on 4th that it will create a resting place where the complainants who search for the General Civil Service Office of Jeju Special Self-Governing Province can read the book and relax when they file a civil complaint, and the 'Citizen Counseling Room' which provides free living legal counseling service in Jeju City General Citizens' Office.
The 'Citizen Counseling Room’, which is operated by Jeju City General Citizens' Office, is a comprehensive counseling service related to various complaints and citizen 's daily lives, such as the national tax, real estate, and tax affairs, which are closely related to the residents' lives.
Yoon's acquaintance informed him that on his mobile phone screen, there is a statement saying that ‘system changes and cyber terrorism may be subject to civil liability.’
The fire department immediately put 3 helicopters and firefighters to quell the fire, currently they are cleaning up the fire residue at 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
After covering the vinyl triply from mid-November last year, Song has achieved the first harvesting result after keeping temperature and humidity suitable for grape growth as optimal condition.
The city hopes that Delaware grapes will have a good competitive edge in the market because of its high quality and high rarity of products.
Electric vehicle battery usage is based not on the shipment quantity that the battery manufacturer supplied to the vehicle maker but on the actual number of registered batteries in sold vehicles.
As of the end of March, accumulated battery backlog SK Innovation is 430GWh, increasing by 30% in 3 months from 325GWh at the end of last year.
It plans to invest about 3 trillion won this year to expand the plant. By 2020, it plans to build production bases in Korea, China, Hungary and the United States and secure an electric car production capacity of about 60GWh by 2022.
In addition, they had also established a stable production system by concluding a long-term supply agreement about lithium hydroxide, which is one of battery materials, with Tianqi Lithium Kwinana Pty Ltd (TLK), a subsidiary of Chinese lithium producer Tianchi Lithium.
China CATL, which holds the No. 1 spot with a market share of 26.4% in January ~ February this year, BYD, which is also a Chinese company, was also the second, overtaking Japan Panasonic.
As the semiconductor industry, which was the backbone of the Korean economy, slowed down from the end of last year, Samsung Electronics got an earnings shock in the 4th quarter of last year.
Jung-gu, which has the lowest financial self-reliance among the five local governments in Ulsan, has been disrupted by forcibly pursuing the businesses for building the achievements of the head of the headquarters and the pork-barrel politics.
The remaining budget of 13 billion won and the additional government fee of 6.5 billion won will be set for construction on November, but construction costs of 24 billion won and responsibility supervision cost of 1.2 billion won are needed, so it is short on at least 6 billion won.
Looking at the deposit and monthly rents of public silver towns operating nationwide, the deposit average is 2 million won and monthly rent is 40,000 ~ 100,000 won.
Ryu Hyun-jin (Los Angeles Dodgers), who is a temporary first starter due to ace Clayton Kershaw’s injury, is defeating the major league top aces in a row.
He made a pitching effort by increasing the weight of the starting strike, and showed an efficiency of throwing only 87 in seven innings.
The Dodgers bullpen, including Kenny Jansen, who finished the day, was in the 9th inning with a 4-point lead, almost missed Ryu Hyun-jin’s victory by allowing 3 runs.
This competition has a tradition in which athletes, caddies and acquaintances jump into a pond at the 18th hole (Poppie’s pond).
For this, provincial government concluded business agreements with 15 institutions and companies such as Korea South-East Power Co., Ltd. and expanded the environmental welfare services such as the ‘Gyeongnam Ecological Voucher Project for all over the world’ for the socially vulnerable classes.
According to the city, as of the end of December last year, there were 229 housing complexes in the Gangneung area, including apartments, villas and alliances, with 43,258 households and 109,259 residents.
This year, it will invest 1.85billion won, adding 12 new businesses to 12 existing businesses, and promote 24 multi-housing support projects.
New businesses include concerts provided by visiting, expansion of communication spaces in new apartment, delivery lectures provided by visiting, and support for the improvement of indoor water supply pipes for older homes.
The city will also continue to communicate with residents living in the apartment complex to find additional policies and plan to hold regular meetings to find apartment housing policies.
In addition, Sejong City's 'Smart Sejong Laboratory', which tests policies based on citizen's ideas, and the case of Boryeong City, a province in Chungcheongnam-do that awards prizes by shortening the period required to process complaints, were also introduced.
On 3rd, the 2nd day of the workshop, special lectures on data-based administration were also held on the theme of "the future of data administration."
It is known that both the renting company and the leasing company can be win-winners, and it is said that various companies have been considering installing it.
The agreement was attended by Cho Dong-sung, the president of Incheon University, and Bang Jong-seol, the director of facility safety management corporation of Yeonpu District, and agreed to cooperate about the establishment of a cooperative system and the training of skilled experts for the mutual development of the two institutions.
1 of the 5 goals in professional soccer this season is the theatrical goal, giving spectators and viewers a taste that will keep them expecting until the last time.
The fire department ordered 40 fire trucks from Seoul, Incheon, Gyeonggi and Chungbuk provinces starting at 8:31 pm, and ordered additional fire trucks to be dispatched nationwide.
The Yeongdong area is a region where strong winds called #양간지풍# are blowing in the spring, and it is known that when a forest fire occurs, it is likely to spread to a large forest fire.
A wind called #양간지풍#, which frequently occurs in the Yeongdong area, is observed at a speed of more than 15m per second and recorded a speed of 46m per second, considered tantamount to the typhoon.
After checking the baby, Rio was away, and after a while a nursery cook, who found a pale baby without the movement, called the police.
Vice President Fence demanded on 3rd (local time) that Turkey return a plan that it would not withdraw the introduction of Russian ground-to-air missile S-400, the Associated Press reported.
Pence attended a ceremony marking the 70th anniversary of NATO's formation in Washington and warned that if Turkey continues its plan to introduce the S-400 missile, it could jeopardize its NATO membership status.
As the day began, firefighters began deploying 6 helicopters, 34 fire engines, 175 firefighters, 50 police officers, 70 Gijang County Officers and 1,000 Busan City Hall employees on the spot for firefighting.
At 7:17 pm on the previous day, the forest fires, which are believed to have begun at a gas station switch in Toseong-myeon, Goseong-gun, spread to nearby areas and threatened the city of Sokcho with strong winds.
Minister Lee checked the site at the firefighting consolidated command center in Gosung-gun, Gangwon Province, and led the early extinguishment at 6:30 am.
Minister Lee stressed that all agencies, including the Korea Forest Service and Gangwon Province, should mobilize their total competence to do their best to extinguish the forest fires early in the Goseong firefighting consolidated command center.
The minister plans to go to the Gangneung Okgye firefight site after attending a status meeting at the Goseong site to check the Gangneung firefight situation.
The large fire, which occurred in the mountain in Goseong-gun, Gangwon Province at 7:17 pm on the previous day, was quickly transferred to Sokcho, due to the dry atmosphere and strong winds.
It was reported that Sokcho citizens Kim (61), who tried to evacuate an acquaintance who lived in Goseong, found dead, and about 11 people were seriously or slightly injured.
It is also pointed out that the failure of the part of the DRAM for the 10-nano server that was supplied to the Amazon was also the cause of the profit decrease.
In areas where disaster strikes are declared, actions are taken at the government level, such as the issuance of disaster alarms, mobilization of manpower and equipment, evacuation orders, and emergency assistance.
In addition to the first emergency aid at the plant in Gangwon Province such as E-Mart and E-Mart 24, affiliated companies such as Shinsegae Food in the group are urgently seeking support measures, E-Mart said.
40 Fire engines and about 200 people including firefighters, and civil servants, were mobilized to catch a big fire, but it seems to take more time to fully extinguish the fire. 
Various facilities of Seaside Park have been actively promoting participation of residents in Yeongjong Island by operating a 30% discount on weekdays.
The Incheon facility set up 5 telescopes for bird watching so that they could enjoy the natural environment of this area, which is home to 8 legal protection species such as Spoonbill and Kestrel.
The forest fires has caused the most casualties and property damage in California's history, and they were recorded as the worst forest fires since 100 years.
The BBC reported that at the time of the burning of Mati, Athens, the damage was increased due to the rapid transfer of fire to vegetation that had been dried up with heat of more than 40 degrees Celsius.
Com2uS has decided to participate as the title sponsor of the Korea 3-to-3 Basketball Federation's "KOREA3X3 Premier League" for 3 years from 2019, and made the agreement on 4th.
According to the agreement, the official name of the competition will be 'Com2us KOREA3X3 Premier League' which will be held from 2019, and Com2us promises to support the stable league management, continuous growth and development.
Through this sponsorship, Com2uS will set up a foundation for the activation and growth of 3 to 3 basketball, and contribute to improving competitiveness by developing a variety of players.
Smilegate Mega Port CEO Jang In-a, director Kwon Ik-hoon, co-representative of Super Creative Kang Ki-hyeon, and other key stakeholders attended the in-depth discussion to maximize synergy after the acquisition.
Smilegate will acquire service rights for all countries in the world including Epic Seven's Japanese service rights with this takeover agreement.
The eastern side of the Daedeok Innopolis with a total length of 1.3km and a 4-lane driveway is expected to be completed by 2024 after the basic and detailed design start for next year.
Lee, who borrowed her coat from her sister-in-law 's house, got back her house at about midnight, but the house, surrounding trees and parked vehicles had already been turned into ashes.
Yangpyeong-gun will build the Yangpyeong bike park in Yangpyeong General Sports Complex which was built newly in 2018, and set up a pump track, a BMX racing track and a road bicycle track to run bicycle-related programs such as bicycle festivals and experience.
About 60 employees of the railway company planted 1,500 Chinese wild peach trees in the village entrance road and forest area, visiting the ‘Yeongdong Keum River Mochi village' in Haksan-myeon, Yeongdong-gun, Chungbuk Province, which signed a one-company-one village settlement on the previous day.
They arrived at Sokcho Onjeong elementary school and the Youth Center, a temporary shelter for the victims, and they are offering relief activities such as providing breakfast.
About 30 female members of the Goseong gun branch of the Confederation also provided breakfast to the 350 victims at Donggwang Junior High School and Ayazin Elementary School on the morning.
The second floor of the factory building, 1,1616㎡ in size, was all burnt down and part of the 1st floor was destroyed, and the mechanical equipment in the building was burned, resulting in a damage of 2 billion to 3 million won estimated by the fire station.
The fire occurred at the hill which is adjacent to the road near the Ilsung Resort in Wonam-ri, Toseong-myeon, Goseong-gun, Gangwon-do at 7:17 pm on 4th.
If the effective humidity is less than 35% for more than 2 days, the drought warning will be activated. If the humidity is less than 25% for more than 2 days, the drying alarm will be activated.
Among the 23 large-scale forest fires that have damaged in forests over 100㏊ in Gangwon Province since 1998, 21 forest fires have occurred only on the East Coast, including the east coast forest fire in 2000 and the Yangyang and Naksansa Temple forest fire in 2005.
About 15% of total assets are invested in the new issue of venture companies and more than 35% of assets are invested in small and medium-sized companies listed on KOSDAQ within 7 years after the venture business or venture business is canceled.
Since the CB was recognized as a new issue at the time of the launch of the fund, the fund managers invested in CB which has less volatility than KOSDAQ stocks in order to meet new issue requirements.
If these CB and BW are converted into stocks on the opening day of conversion period, and poured into the market, they could hit the stock price.
In case of Chosun University, which was selected as a university which needs to strengthen its ability by the Ministry of Education's basic competence evaluation last year, the dismissal of president was unusually conducted through the decision by board of directors for the first time in 73 years since the opening of the school.
At Chosun University, there have been many hunger strikes, tent sit-in protest and shaving ceremony, which demanded the resignation of the president, but there is no consensus or reasonable solution for the long-term development of the university.
A professor, who was a candidate of president at Sunchon National University, was sentenced to imprisonment for intercepting the labor costs of 6,000,000won for 5 researchers and allegedly embezzling about 400million won of research cost by fabricating false documents with test equipment suppliers.
It plans to offer customized consulting services and to develop tourism products and contents through 24.1 billion won for 3 years from this year.
It will operate an integrated advisory group composed of experts to systematically identify and analyze the characteristics and problems of each workplace in the 3 cultures, and based on this, it will plan to establish a strategy to revitalize customized tourism according to each business site, and to propose profit projects and attract private investment.
This taxi was introduced to Gangneung and Chuncheon for the first time this year by Gangwon-do to eliminate the traffic inconveniences of foreign tourists using KTX Gangneung Station and ITX Chuncheon Station and to attract individual foreign tourists as the number of them are soaring after the Winter Olympics.
Foreign tourists can take a taxi whenever they want and explore local attractions such as Gangneung Traditional Market, Anmok Coffee Street, Gyeongpo Beach and Chuncheon Soyanggang Skywalk for 3 hours.
It is expected that the monitoring system of fine dust from China will be strengthened as Chungnam province is promoting the introduction of ultrafine dust (PM 2.5) measurement network at Gyeongnyeol Biyeoldo Island and Oeyeondo Island in the westernmost of Chungcheongnam-do.
Yang Seung-joo, Governor of Chungnam Province, held a press conference in the provincial government building and announced "Chungnam-type micro dust reduction measures" containing such contents.
The measure includes plans to reduce air pollutant emissions by 2022 to 35.3% (95,571t) from 2015, and to maintain an annual average concentration of fine dust at 15μg/㎥.
For this, provincial government plans to propose to the government the authority for early closure of aged coal-fired power plants as well as revising the Air Pollutant Standards.
When this equipment is installed, it is possible to monitor more precisely than the existing dust measuring equipment (PM 10), and it is possible to measure the pollution sources such as ultrafine dust, sulfur oxides(SOx), and nitrogen oxide(NOx).
In addition, the government decided to make 21.9 billion won for the consulting for improving the indoor air quality of the vulnerable classes and the air purifier supply business, and 13.6 billion won for the green area surrounding of life development project.
Yeom Ji-hye's video work shows Italy's futurism, which gave rise to fascism in the early 20th century, and encourages us to look back at the "future fever" we are suffering now.
Hyundai Mobis, who has put in a lot of veterans such as Oh Yong Joon (44), Yang Dong-jong (44), Ham Ji-hoon (35) and Ira Clark (44), has accumulated scores through seasoned game management.
Yoo Jae-hak, the coach of Hyundai Mobis used veteran players from the beginning of the game, resulting in a complete physical defeat of KCC.
In fact, Hyundai Mobis Ricardo Ratliffe concentrated on 11 points only in the 4th quarter, and they defended KCC's pursuit by releasing a strong inner and outer defense, centered around Yang Dong-kun, Ham Ji-hoon and Moon Tae-jong.
In the 1st round of the quarterfinal game against Changwon LG in the 2018-2019 Korean Basketball League held at Incheon Samsan World Sports Center on the 4th, Electro Land won an easy victory 86 to 72.
Electro Land’s Kang Sang Jae in the 1st quarter scored 10 points, and Kim Jong-gyu, who scored an average of 24 goals, was tied up tight with a scoreless point in the 6th round PO.
Forest fires occurred in the mountains of Namjeon-ri, Nam-myeon, Inje-gun, Gangwon-do, around 2:50 pm, and the forest authorities went to put out a forest fire, but due to strong winds, the fire did not been turned off. 
According to local media, the boy was arrested after his last crime near the Medellín Santa Lucia subway station on the 28th last month (local time).
Colombia's daily Eltimpo reported that they had caught the moment the boy shot 38 shots at victims, Dario Alexis Ateorutia (43) and Matteo Frieto (20), but decided not to release it.
A picture that seems to overturn a woman's sacrificial image of Andersen fairy tales is a black and white drawing, and the message comes stronger.
Not only small businesses but also large corporations are launching subscription services that allow them to freely use a certain amount of durable goods such as expensive cars, various video contents and music.
Netflix, which offers monthly movie streaming services, allows users to view an unlimited number of movies and dramas if they pay a certain amount each month.
If the previous model was a structure in which users download and own video contents, the structure changed to the concept of paying less money and viewing more contents, but not having them.
According to the fire-fighting authorities, a fire broke out at the building material manufacturing factory in Cheongan-myeon, Goesan-gun, Chungbuk at 9:26 pm on the 5th.
The fire department, which received a report from a nearby resident, put 22 vehicles and 60 people to extinguish the fire for more than 2 hours, and put out the fire around 11:30 pm.
There were no casualties, but 2 buildings of the 481㎡ factories that produced plastic building materials were burnt down.
The fire department is investigating the cause of the fire with the exact cause of the fire and scale of damage based on the statements of the witnesses that the fireworks had sprang with the sound of "bang" at the transformer of the telephone pole next to the factory.
About Inje Forest Fire, 5 firefighting helicopters aimed at extinguishing the main fire point in the morning, but the helicopters were temporarily withdrawn because of the mist in the forest fire area.
Goseong, Sokcho, Gangneung, and the East Sea, which crushed the major fire point of the previous day, have no fire now since the detection about the rest of the fire and back-up surveillance work, which finds out the embers that could be hidden in the ground, is done during the night.
As 5 ~ 10㎜ of rain will full in Yeongseo area of Gangwon, and about 5㎜ inside and outside of rain will full in Yeongdong area of Gangwon from the daytime on the day, the suppression of the fire seems to be easier.
Choi Jae-hyung, the godfather of the independence movement of the Maritime Provinces, was born between a father who was a slave and a mother who was a Korean geisha in Kyongwon, North Hamgyong Province in 1860. When he was 9 years old in 1869, he escaped from an extreme famine and crossed the Tumen River with his grandfather, father and brother to Kraskino, Maritime Province.
Choi Jae-hyung formed the Danji Alliance with 11 comrades including Ahn Jung-geun, provided weapons, room and board, and supported the shooting training by drawing the faces of three Japanese heads, such as Ito Hirobumi, to Ahn Jung-geun.
After Ahn Jung-geun succeeded uprising in Harbin, he sent Russian lawyer Mihail Roh and English lawyer Douglas to Lusun, China, taking the head in being in vindication of Ahn Jung-geun.
Japan allowed only their own lawyers, and Ahn Jung-geun failed to receive international arbitration based on public law of all nations and died for the country
Choi Jae-hyung became the honorary chairman of the Korean-Russian Han association General Assembly in 1917 and became the head of diplomatic department of the Korean National Assembly in 1919. On March 17, 1919, he became the central figure of the Provisional Government of Korea in Vladivostok, and on April 11, 1919, he was appointed as chief financial officer of the Provisional Government of Korea in Shanghai’s cabinet, but he did not accept it.
The cable car runs to the summit, so the elderly and the children can climb up by the cable car comfortably and appreciate the beautiful view of Cheongpungho Lake.
Hyeon Seung-won, Representative of D. SHARE Co., Ltd., is delivering school supplies and fruit to EverVision School students in Nepal Chitwan on the morning of 6th (local time).
As the fire department caught the fire more than 5 hours after it occurred, it will continue to monitor the back fire so that the fire does not come back alive, and firefighting helicopters will be used to extinguish the fire completely as soon as the day comes.
The firefighters spent 1,000 people and 50 fire rescue vehicles in the night immediately after the fire, and even after the day was bright, 7 firefighting helicopters were used to extinguish the remaining fire.
We have also plans for supporting victims to move to housing suitable for the needs, such as investigating the demand for housing support, temporary housing facilities, purchased·rental housing, and prefabricated housing.
It will donate 100 bedding to the victims site on the 9th, and the volunteer groups of Gangwon Province Development Corporation and Alpensia Resort Employees will participate in the restoration work when the fire damage investigation of Sokcho, Goseong and Kangreung are completed.
World Vision will deliver 1000 relief kits worth 100 million won to children and victims who have lost their homes or have difficulty in daily life by Kangwon Forest Fire.
With the help of Shinpo International Market Support Center, students will translate restaurant menus and market guide signs that many foreigners are looking for into foreign languages, as well as market promotional materials.
Rankings can be reversed depending on the results of Sevilla FC, which have one more game (point 46), Deportivo Alavés (point 44) and Athletic Bilbao (point 43).
The candidates presented fusion dishes using various materials, multicultural foods, desserts such as ice cream and beverages, various dishes, and an extraordinary menu using the symbol of Pohang, the symbol of mutual benefit and caught the eye.
The city plans to open the Yeongil Bay Night Market on 6th with a total of 40 teams including 35 teams selected this time and 5 teams already selected in the field of products and experience.
Jeon Myung-koo, president of Methodist Church, and Choi Seon-gil, The Korea Methodist Church Dongbu annual conference governor, visited churches and family members who suffered tremendous damage from forest fire, in Gangwon-do Goseong, Sokcho, Gangneung, and East Sea on 6th.
Hyun Seung-won, representative of D. SHARE Co., Ltd., (deacon of Suwon Christian Church, right shared his grace with testimony of his life and faith) at the Kathmandu EverVision School Auditorium in Nepal in the afternoon of 7th (local time).
Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has shown a tendency toward Jewish nationalism, and Benny Gantz, president of the center-left coalition 'Blue and White', seem to have a great match.
If Netanyahu is elected for serving 5 consecutive terms despite the continuous corruption scandals, the tensions in the Palestinian region, a "powder keg" of the Middle East, are expected to rise again.
According to a poll released on 5th by Israeli Channel 13, Netanyahu's Likud and Blue and White, led by Benny Gantz, a former army chief, are expected to secure 28 seats respectively in the general election.
The UN Secretary General Anthony Guterheh met with Khalifa Haftar, the supreme commander, on 5th, and foreign ministers from 7 major countries (G7) urged them to cease ‘all military activities’ for Tripoli on 6th, but it is highly likely that armed conflict will take off in earnest.
The Wall Street Journal reported that the United States did not designate a regular military organization of the government as a terrorist organization although its country is an enemy state, after the JCPOA was destroyed last year, discussions began in earnest within the US administration.
Yaong-I (pen name), the writer of the webtun the advent of Goddess, who collected topics with her beautiful appearance, revealed the legal response to the netizens who put rumors on the Internet.
The flags of Daegu, flapping in the hands of children, seemed to announce the spring that came to Korean football just like the cherry blossoms in full bloom throughout the city.
As with most domestic cities and local residents 'clubs, which are funded by citizens' taxation and subsidies, the financial situation of the Daegu Soccer Team is not satisfactory.
Pittsburgh starting pitcher Chris Archer threw a menacing ball, which hit the batter’s ass, to the first batter Dietrich in the 1st half of the 4th inning, leading to a bench-clearing brawl.
In Cincinnati, director Bell, Yasiel Puig and Amir Garrett were sent off, and Keone Cole Kela and Felipe Javier Vazquez in Pittsburgh left the field.
The 1st 5 confirmed children are currently being isolated and the remaining 3 are being treated at the hospital.
The city held an emergency meeting with Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on the previous day and strengthened monitoring of 173 people including patient contacts to prevent further spread.
Infants and their caregivers who were at the hospital at the time of admission to the patients who were confirmed are currently vaccinated, and medical personnel are reported to complete all vaccinations.
As measles can be prevented by inoculation, children should be vaccinated with MMR once at 12~15months after birth, and twice when they are 4 to 6 years old. 
In recent years, the majority of measles patients are 20s and 30s who have traveled overseas. This is due to the lack of defensive antibodies, since vaccination is often performed only once in 1983-1996.
The visiting program, which is for learning about plant cultivation·management methods and information about flower easily, is operated in a way to directly explore flower growing farms such as succulent plant, rose, repotting, and pot-planting, along with flower commentator.
In this case, the first things to consider are whether public object is a public figure or a private figure, and whether information is protected and should not be disclosed if the public object is a public figure.
It is also controversial because the case that it imitated the famous 'liposuction medical brand' in Korea beyond cosmetics, fashion, food and beverages, and household appliances was turned out.
The reason is that the hospital used the 365mc medical brand, and used unauthorized brand assets such as the treatment brand 'Rams', known as the original liposuction injection.
The brands that were applied by the Seongdo Easy Medical Beauty Hospital are "Easysculpt 365mc" and "365mc LAMS", and it stands to reason that they are 365mc imitation brands.
The short and simple march was a small but meaningful line in Cuban modern history, the Associated Press reported.
The Cuban government has been more generous in responding to online activities such as social media after Raul Castro, former chairman of the National Council, gave Miguel Díaz-Canel the chairmanship in April last year.
Some marchers point out that it was paradoxical that the 1st independent march allowed by the authorities was for animal rights, not for human rights.
The city has set up a temporary scaffolding system that is installed for working in high places from the day, and made preparation for dismantling such as cutting water, electricity.
Scentby Co., Ltd. is a specialized scent consulting and sensory branding company with offices in France, Hong Kong, Korea and China. It is planning and operating the international scent seminar of GIP held in Asia.
The Opening Ceremony of the GIP International Seminar in Seoul will be open to applicants who are registered in advance. Applications can be accepted by mail until April 10th.
The newly launched brand 'Healthy Cook' at Korea Food Doctor Co., Ltd. has released 6 kinds of instant cooked porridge, which is a health functional food consisting of porridge with yams and beans, porridge with red beans and pumpkins, porridge with glutinous millet and yams, porridge with bananas and milk and porridge for beauty. 
Han Hyung-Sun, a pharmacist at Korea Food Doctor Co., Ltd Research Institute, has taken cared of building the fundamental body for chronic patients for over 20 years, and is widely known as a "cooking pharmacist" by appearing as a health instructor at the request of various TV stations, disclosing a care food recipe for each disease.
Professional golfer Go Jin Young (24, Hite Jinro, photo) has won the ANA Inspiration tournament, the 1st major tournament of Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) tour this season.
Lee Mi-Hyang did not win the championship this season but won the runner-up in the ANA Inspiration and raised the cumulative prize ranking to 4th place.
In addition, vice president Jeon delivered an emergency relief fund of 5 million won for damage to Donghae city, held a situation meeting on support measures for forest fires in the situation room of Wonju-Gangneung 11-2, and checked the disaster preparedness of the railway site.
The city has agreed to support Kangwon Province in all possible ways as early as possible and will promote the voluntary participation of many citizens such as local organizations, organizations and public officials in the fundraising campaigns.
The Iranian government insisted that relief helicopters were included in US economic sanctions and that the relief efforts in the flood areas were difficult.
A citizen is looking at the pop art exhibit of independence activists Kim Gyu-sik, Yu Gwan-soon, and Ahn Chang-ho on the outside of the Complex-Seoul annex on the 7th.
According to market researcher IHS Markit, 7 of the top 10 brands in the premium TV market, which cost over 2,000$ last year, are selling OLED TVs.
The city decided that there was no compensation for the failed candidate in order to maintain equity with the city that did not apply for the candidate.
The city hall is currently located in Dong-In-dong, Jung-gu, and it is a key issue to decide whether to renovate, remodel or move to the current location.
Jung-gu, which insisted on the current positionm Buk-gu(the site for the old Gyeongbuk provincial government office), Dalseo-gu(the sife for the old Duryu Water Purification Plant), and Dalsung-gun(Seolhwa-ri, Hwawon-eup, the land for the public relations officer of LH lot-solid apartments) which hoped to attract jumped into the invitation.
Smaller game makers have simplified internal development process and have a desperate need to make breakthroughs in the market, making them suitable for preparing foldable phone games.
It is also possible to change the UI and UX by dividing the smartphone screen, providing a game screen on one side, providing a virtual pad on the other side, or displaying a mini map or chat window.
A piece of rice cake wrapped around sausage is covered with pink and it is characterized by the feeling of a lovely spring atmosphere.
The Boston Red Sox, who won the major league World Series (WS) title in the fall after winning the best single season record of last year (108 wins), is in the worst start of the season.
The starters, who finished 3rd in the major leagues (68 wins) and 8th in the ERA (3.77), lost 7 games in 10 games this season.
Jo A-yeon (19) tied 6 birdies and a bogey to 5-under par in the final Round of Korea Ladies Professional Golf Association (KLPGA) Tour Domestic Opening Lotte Car Rental Women's Open held at Lotte Sky Hill Jeju Country Club (par 72, 6301 yards) in Jeju, Seo-gu, Jeju-do on the 7th.
She became the youngest national player at the age of 14 when she was in the second year of junior high school, participated in a total of 17 KLPGA regular tours during the 4 years of the amateur and achieved 15 qualifying passes including top 10 achievements for 3 times. 
Kim Min-sun (24), who was lagging one step, put the 3rd shot at a distance of 1m from the last 18 hole and took the opportunity to lead the game to an extension.
On the 4th, Yeouido National Assembly Auditorium in Seoul opened 'inauguration ceremony of memorial commission for 100th anniversary of the death of Choi Jae-hyung’ led by National Assembly Culture and Sports Committee Chairman Ahn Min-suk.
Choi Jae-hyeong not only gave money to the Goryeo people by taking the construction of the roads in Russia, but also got very rich by helping them supply the agricultural products to the Russian army.
It is because there was a conviction that if the school is established, the ethnic enlightenment movement will take place and the church will be established, it will have the idea of patriotism.
Lee Hye-hoon and Sung Il-jong also helped to organize the budget so that they could build Choi Jae-hyung's monument at Ussuriysk, Russia, in August.
The 2nd and 3rd Choi Jae Hyung, who supported the independence movement without a name and no light, would be still buried in a pile of history.
Kim Ji-hoon, the actor who conducted the broadcast on the same day, said that a suspicion arose when Kim Ung reporter insisted that he had been assaulted by Son, and introduced the contents of the media reports such as ‘I ran away after an accident’, ‘It was a big accident’, and ‘I measured my drinking’.
He was a child who could not control himself and made a noise or unpredictable behavior, but music changed him.
There are countless cultural and artistic performances, but it is not common to see performances by disability artists on the stage.
He was absent for more than 3 months after a groin injury was confirmed after he came down from the pitching plate early by giving up 1⅓innings 1 hit without losing a point against Arizona Diamondbacks on 3rd, last May. 
Based on research results on the development of nano-level antimicrobial new materials, Vacctech Co., Ltd. supplies raw materials used for water source, sewage water purification, drinking water purification and hospital waste water purification, and commercializes various daily necessities using these materials.
Experiences can be made by selecting the date and time on the spot, by telephone or by internet, and easily accessible for beginners through the guidance of security personnel.
The 10-month-old boy was found to have received outpatient care at the hospital on the 28th of last month, just after the hospitalization date (23-27 last month) of the girl who was first confirmed.
According to Ulsan City, the city will conduct a research service for ‘the feasibility study and basic plan of Ulsan International Film Festival (tentative name)’ for 5 months from April to August in order to develop regional video industry and expand tourism infrastructure (infrastructure).
The contents of the main tasks include reviewing the feasibility and necessity of promoting the international film festival, drawing out the basic idea of international film festivals and holding plans, analyzing the effect of holding the international festival, and searching for future development plans.
The city, which calls itself a symbolic city that overcomes environmental pollution and aims to become an ecological city, plans to explore ways to utilize various environmental issues such as fine dust, climate change, and forest destruction that threaten human life as international environmental film contents 
The city promoted the name 'International Environmental Film Festival', but since the term 'environment' implies regulation and Anti-business sentiment, the final name of the film festival was decided except for the name 'environment'.
Based on the results of the service, Ulsan City will establish a detailed promotion plan for the international festival in the second half of the year, organize an independent organizational committee and a secretariat, establish a corporation, and aim to hold an international film festival in the second half of 2020.
Soon-jin Young became the 5th Korean player who was ranked No. 1 in the world after Shin Ji-ae (31) in 2010, Park In-bai (31) in 2013, Yoo So- yeon (29) and Park Seong-hyun (26) in 2017.
A total of 50 people were killed by the bloodsheds on both sides on 8th (local time), and the international airport, which was only operated in the capital, Tripoli, was aborted due to a military attack by LNA.
The city announced its 120 pledges in 6 major areas last year and refined its organizational structure by creating agriculture, forestry and fisheries maritime office, civic communication Cooperation Officer, and investment promotion departments in order to fulfill promises with citizens.
In accordance with the agreement, the two organizations will provide expert advice on medical device development, emergency testing and clinical trial research, and cooperate with licensing and testing of newly developed medical devices.
Wemade tree (each representative Kim Seok-hwan and Oh Ho-eun) announced on 9th that it signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) to promote block chained game service with game developer nodeBrick (representative Shin Hwi-jun).
WeMade Tree, a subsidiary of WeMade, was established in January 2018 to research and develop block chain technology and plans to provide a variety of businesses and services that combine block-chain technology into games.
Son Heung-min finished warming up by scoring a goal in the 32nd round of the Premier League with Crystal Palace, which he won 2-0 on 4th.
Tottenham will meet Manchester City in the 1st leg of the 2018-2019 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium at 4 am on the 10th(KST).
In the first half of the season, Manchester City won a 1-0 victory over Tottenham, whose Erik Lamela missed 2 decisive occasions.
Soccer fans are looking at the Tottenham Hotspur stadium, thinking about whether Manchester City is going to overwhelm Tottenham like the recent flow, or Pochettino will defeat Guardiola with good tactics.
The Cuban authorities first approved the rallies and marches unrelated to the state and the Communist Party in 60 years after the 1959 Communist Revolution.
Cuba has responded generously to people's use of social media and social activities after Raul Castro, former chairman of the National Council, gave Miguel Díaz-Canel the chairmanship in April last year.
The children who visited the special exhibition of "secret of agricultural science with traditional farm equipment" held at the Agricultural Science Museum of Jeonbuk Jeonju City Rural Development Administration are making a funny expression with millstone experience.
The infant who had been admitted to the hospital because of a cold, such as a cough or runny nose on the 23rd to 27th of last month, showed measles symptoms such as fever and rash, and she was transferred to another hospital for test and confirmed for measles.
The Korea trust guarantee funds announced that it held ‘a meeting on measures to support small and medium-sized enterprise affected by the Kangwon Forest Fire’ in Sokcho, Gangwon-do, on 8th and it will issue a special guarantee for small and medium-sized enterprise which have suffered damage from forest fires.
Go Jin-young, who made his debut on the LPGA tour last year, is showing a sharp rise this season and her performance overshadows the second year jinx.
Felipe, who boasts the overwhelming scoring power, reminds the Brazilian player Marcos (25, former Gyeongnam FC), who became the top scorer and MVP in both K-League1·2.
Electro Land beat Changwon LG 88-86 in the 3rd leg of the 2018-2019 professional basketball quarter-finals playoffs (best out of five) in Changwon Indoor Gymnasium on the 8th.
British Guardian reported that New Zealand's governor of Burger King withdrew all new ‘Vietnam Concept’ burger ads and apologized on 8th (local time).
Korea and the United States, which had intelligence combat about the world's 1st 5G commercialization, felt awkward by exposing the initial quality problems of 5G.
The face is depicted delicately, while the wrinkles of the clothes are boldly expressed, and it can be seen that it is the first draft, and the artistic value stands out compared to other existing Lee Deok-hyeong’s portrait.
Ulsan Hyundai Mobis and Incheon Electro Land’s coach and representative players, who were challenging the championship, made different championship pledges.
Both team heated atmosphere of the series with enjoyable heated discussion, made the championship promises and burned their will to become champions.
According to the city, this ecological and cultural tour of Hwaseong will consist of lectures and experience activities to learn about the ecological status and preservation value of Hwasung Lake.
Kuni Arirang', a participatory play based on the true story, conveys a message that the another tragedy of transferring military airports to Maehyang-ri, where peace has come, should not be repeated.
The special committee for preventing the destruction of beams in the 4 major rivers by Liberty Korea Party visited Juksanbo Beam of the Yeosan River in Naju-si, Jeollanam-do on the afternoon of 10th and conducted field inspections.
Both side strikers, Riyad Mahrez and Raheem Sterling, sought to put primary pressure on the Tottenham midfielders who had their center of gravity in the rear.
Sterling showed a dribble break through the center when he caught the ball, and Marez focused on the link between Sergio Aguero, the forward striker, and other 2-strikers 
It can be seen that when they lose ownership of the ball from the front, the speed of returning to the rear is accelerating, so that the aggressive advancement of the center backs can be also shrinking.
Sterling and Marez widened the half-line throughout the game as always, and they were developing on the right, centering on Walker instead of Delph, who had difficulty in competing with Son Heung-min.
There was an impressive part, such as an organic position switching that would confuse the opponent's marking system, but Tottenham was obviously struggling throughout the game with the attack developed in the center.
There was also an out-of-range variable to replace the injured Kane in the early hours, and ir struggled with the Manchester City’s defense block.
If the original goal of the game was not forestallment but the podium for the second game, the match with 1point difference can also be seen as taking the actual profit of its own.
The action allowed US prosecutors to prosecute individuals and institutions that contacted or provided material assistance to the IRGC.
President Erdogan, who visited Russia for the third time this year, reaffirmed the introduction of the S-400 air defense missile that the United States opposes and announced that it would strengthen economic cooperation between the two countries.
Baseball has made it possible for Korea to win gold medals five times, except for the Doha Asian Games (bronze medal) in 2006 after the 1998 Bangkok tournament where professional players were allowed to participate.
In fact, baseball had been a regular sport until the 2008 Beijing Olympics, but it was abolished, and it was temporarily resurrected at the 2020 Tokyo Games, but it was again excluded at the next competition, the 2024 Paris Games.
Mr Trump has focused only on the trade offensive against China for a while after leading a truce agreement at the summit with EU President Jean-Claude Juncker last July.
Gunsan City, Jeonbuk Province, introduced 'Gunsan Love Gift Certificate' in September last year to save the local economy, which was hit hard by the closure of Gunsan factory of GM Korea Company.
Jeonbuk Province is encouraging the promotion of vouchers for city and county by encouraging them to transfer gift incentives and childbirth subsidies.
The promise left last January, before the US departure, cannot be kept on the 3rd start.
The left groin was the site where 3 months of rehabilitation was needed after Ryu Hyun-jin felt pain during the game and came down from the field last May.
One of the biggest reasons why Ryu Hyun Jin is undervalued in the US is his durability.
The 31-year-old Hwaseong FC striker Yu Byeong-soo beat the K-League 2 (2nd division) Ansan Greeners 3-2 on Korean FA Cup on the 27th last month and led the team to the 4th round.
Among them, 200 million won was designated for residential measures in the Gangneung Ogye area, one of the ignition points where damage was severe.
The Shinsegae Group has provided relief supplies to the Sokcho and Goseong areas, and will provide 300 million won in relief goods and donations through Korea Disaster Relief Association.
The prospect is that Lee candidate is pursuing the trail of lawyer Lee Yu-jung, who was nominated as a candidate for the Constitutional Court in August 2017, but failed by the suspicious of stock trading using internal information.
Immediately after the oath of the candidate, Liberty Korea Party demanded the submission of data such as stock trading account details of candidate Lee and her husband, lawyer Chung-jin Oh, and the company-related trial/lawsuit participation status.
The ruling party has defended that candidate Lee will contribute to the diversity of the Constitutional Court, since she is a female judge from a non-SNU university(Busan ​​National University).
John Rockefeller, who commercialized the use of refined petroleum oil as kerosene and fuel, became the world's richest man in the world 12 years after he founded Standard Oil in 1870, accounting for 95% of the US oil market.
The vast amount of data accumulated through the use of smartphone communication, credit card payment, insurance claim, and kakaotalk and twitter becomes a source of added value when properly refined.
E-mail advertising in Korean internet bookstores is merely a superficial introduction of new books, but Amazon's e-mail advertisements recommend books that I really want to read.
Considering that the Lee candidate couple had bought and sold stocks related to their respective rulings in the past, and the candidate's husband, who is a lawyer, has bought and sold the stocks in candidate Lee's ruling, it was suspected that such stock transaction was done by using insider information.
The city plans to put together specialized facilities such as agricultural products sales facilities, small library, specialty store, young entrepreneurial space, and education building in the 3rd shop which has a floor area of ​​2000㎡.
This ceremony was arranged by the decision of the 4 Chancellors of the Supervisory Board and the Independent Memorial Chief to pursue the join Chungcheon Province History Education project on the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the Provisional Government of Republic of Korea and the 3/1 Movement last November.
This event, which will be held at the Independence Hall in Cheonan, Chungcheong Province, will be attended by about 40 middle/high schools, 300 high school history club students in 4 cities of Chungcheong Province, and guidance teachers. There will be displays presentations of independence movement history by each club.
On the first day of the ceremony, Professor Geol-sun Park and Professor Hosaka Yuji will be invited to give the lectures on the independence movement and history in the film.
At the opening ceremony of the club activities, Superintendents of Education of 4 cities/provinces and the Independent Memorial Chief will attend and take a tour of the exhibition hall.
They are to prevent any act that causes the division of civil society, since the citizens' agreement is the most important thing in promoting the construction of the new office building.
Certain amount of the Disaster Relief Fund may be used, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, for projects that the city/provincial governor deems necessary for disaster relief.
As part of the Hyeongsan River Project, which is being promoted by the Pohang and Gyeongju joint cooperation project, 9 billion won is invested for the restoration project for #신부조장터# park and bridges.
The city plans to build a new concept market that covers the new/old generations such as the youth art mall, kinetic art, floating mooring area in the #신부조장터# park(9600㎡) with the aim of completion in 2020.
In the summer, they are operating water facilities such as swimming pools for infants, children, adults. In the winter, they are constructing the complex waterfront water-friendly area including an outdoor skating rink, a sledge park, an ice rink exhibition hall, and a snow play experience area.
The city plans to submit the agenda to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry, Livestock and Livestock Foodservice through Gyeongsangbuk-do in order to pursue policies and detailed implementation plans that aligns with Gyeongju's agricultural conditions.
Both teams showed weaknesses, such as lack of physical strength, in the third game of the Champions League group stage, and was utterly defeated.
On the 10th of last month, members of Yangju city council attended the residents' briefing session of the Uijeongbu Resource Reclamation Facility Modernization Project held at the Auditorium Center in Yangju 2-dong Residents Center in order to communicate the residents' dissenting opinion to the Uijeongbu Resource Circulation Department.
At the 1st general meeting of the 304th provisional meeting held on the coming 16th, Yangju City Council plans to adopt a 'resolution calling for the resumption of construction of the Uijeongbu Resource Recovery Facility'.
It is expected that Shas party, the Jewish orthodox party, and United Torah Judaism party(UTJ) will each get 8 seats, while Hadash, the leftiest party, and the Labor Party will get each get 6 seats.
When the final election result is announced in the general election, Israel will nominate a candidate who is likely to form a coalition government as prime minister and give him a constitutional right after the president discusses with party representatives.
The 'area-led business', introduced for the first time last year, is a project to make a better town, and it plans to support 30 million won for 66 towns, which is 22 more than last year.
This contest, which celebrates its 19th this year, attracts 28,000 people, including 17 city/provincial sports clubs and executives from around the country, in order to build up amity and harmony.
Rena International Co., Ltd. is a company that manufactures solar module, solar structure and energy storage system(ESS). It plans to invest 55.5 billion won by 2021 in order to construct a factory in 2 facilities of 74,000㎡.
This company plans to invest a total of 47.5 billion won by 2022 to construct a ground photovoltaic structure, water-based photovoltaic modules, and a ESS generating factory on a 66,000㎡ site.
Techwin Energy Co., Ltd. plans to invest 12.5 billion won in 20,000㎡ of Saemangeum 2nd Industrial Complex by 2023 to integrate float and auxiliary materials, which are key components of water-condition lighting power generation facilities.
3 industry groups were selected as crisis industries to receive support for overseas short-term overseas market development, including overseas business meetings.
Young players like Justin Thomas, Brooks Koepka, and Ricky Fowler(from USA) are also aiming for the victory.
Jordan Spieth(USA), who is known as the 'guy of the Masters' after winning 1 championship, 2 runner ups, and 1 third place, is determined to escape from his long slump through this tournament.
On the 10th, fishermen from Baengnyeongdo in Ongjin-gun, Incheon, Daecheongdo, and Socheongdo are marching at the sea area between Baekryongdo and Daechungdo, demanding a rescheduling of the expanded fishing grounds.
At the '2nd Sweet Potato Rape Flower Children's Drawing Contest' held at Bio Energy Crop Research Center of the National Institute of Food and Nutrition in Jeonnam Muan-gun Rural Development Agency on the 10th, children are drawing with colored pencils.
They explain how the Bible speaks about refugees and what the exact facts about refugees are in relation to the current situation.
First, responding to the concerns that refugee inflows will result in job losses and worsened economy, they say that it will be 'rather positive' using economists' research as evidence.
At about 7:17 pm on the 4th, the forest fire that broke out at Toseong-myeon, Goseong-gun, Gangwon, was swiftly driven by strong winds and became a threat to nearby Gosung and Sokcho city.
872 fire trucks and 3,251 firefighters(820 units, 2,598 people supported by other municipalities) tried to put out the fire, and 110 fire fighting helicopters were also dispatched.
Due to the concerns about radioactive contamination, South Korea has stopped importing seafood produced in 8 prefectures including Fukushima, since September 2013.
At the case against Japan's import ban on fisheries products in Fukushima along with other 8 neighboring provinces that was held on the 11th(local time), World Trade Organization(WTO)'s Appellate body ruled that South Korea's action was valid.
The 'common sense level of environmental hazard' and 'impact of environmental hazard on food' that South Korea further suggested in the appeal took an effect.
They supported the lower court ruling that as the Korean government decided to ban imports, it was inadequate to disclose restrictions in line with SPS standards.
BMSFRANCE', a French style street fashion brand developed by Superior Holdings Co., Ltd.(CEO Dae-hwan Kim), is holding an event to commemorate its official mall grand opening.
In fact, all products of BMS France, including utility backpacks, have achieved high sales through specialized fashion stores such as StyleShare and MUSINSA.
World Human Bridge is an international NGO that dreams of a world where neglected neighbors can be bridged and live happily.
When Heung-min Son scored with a left-footed shot at 33 minutes of the second half, a male audience in black top/bottom broke into the ground, interrupting Fabian Delph, a Manchester City midfielder who had a ball.
The government shared its welcoming stance to World Trade Organization(WTO) Appellate body's decision on the 11th that the ban on imports of fisheries from Fukushima was reasonable.
Last February, the panels of the 1st trial urged Korea to correct its unfair discrimination, since Korea's import control measures are inconsistent with the WTO sanitary and phytosanitary(SPS) treaty.
When radioactive contaminated water was introduced into the sea by the Great East Japan Earthquake in 2013, the government banned the import of 50 marine products caught in the sea area of 8 prefectures including Fukushima, Ibaraki, Gunma, Miyagi, Iwate, Tochigi, Chiba and Aomori.
In the Tottenham and Manchester City's UEFA Champions League quarter-finals 1st round held in the Tottenham Hotspur stadium, London, UK, on the 10th, Heung-min Son scored the goal with his left-footed shot at 33 minutes of the second half.
Spain's Primera Liga had also made a promotional poster that has Lionel Messi and Wu Lei in it, ahead of the Catalonia Derby with FC Barcelona last month.
An official from Espanyol said in a recent media interview that they are discussing a sponsorship deal with a number of huge Chinese companies.
Wu Lei dynamizes team attacks in a style different from Borja Iglesias, the tall striker and a leading scorer of the team.
Javi Lopez, who became the captain of Espanyol, smiled at Wu Lei's achievements after they finished the Primera Liga 31st round against Girona on the 7th of last month.
TS Gyeongju Co., Ltd. is a foreign-invested company with a 100% investment stake in France HEF Group. It plans to invest 34 billion won from 2023 for 5 years to build a factory in Angang-eup, Gyeongju.
Previously, Biodiversity Resource Center has been working with Bong-joo Park, a professor of the Chungbuk National University, and his team for a period of 1 year and 5 months from October 2017 to study the 'effects of improving the indoor air quality of native plants'.
Woods had 2 bogeys and 4 birdies, along with 2 under-par 70 points, in the 1st round of the US Professional Golfers Association(PGA) Tour held at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, on the 12th(Korean time).
From now on, all marine products in 8 neighboring prefectures, including Fukushima, Japan, will not be able to show up on the 'Korean table'.
Since the Great East Japan Earthquake, South Korea has banned imports of 50 marine products from Fukushima and 8 neighboring prefectures, and 26 agricultural products from 13 prefectures.
They banned imports of all marine products from Fukushima, Japan, and 8 neighboring prefectures, and 27 agricultural products from 14 prefectures.
Stealer's annual vintage edition is a high sensitivity collection that reinterprets its classic design in a modern way by adding a modern vintage look.
With this, Mickelson finished the first day by being placed in the group's 3rd place, with 1 point behind Brooks Keopka and Bryson DiChambeau(USA).
This year, Ongjin-gun has selected Daecheong-myeon 3-ri as the 'Safe village free from fire', and will continue to select a local village that is vulnerable to fire.
On the 12th, Chungcheongnam Province held the 'Final Report of the Research Project on the Basic Plan for the Chungnam Sea Cucumber Industry Cluster', attended by 20 executives including the provincial governor Yong-chan Kim.
Korea Ocean Research & Development Institute, which is in charge of the service, predicted that if the sea cucumber industry cluster is established, 6,000t of sea cucumber production and 500 billion won of sales will be achieved by the year 2032.
First, Boryeong-si and Taean-gun will be designated as Chungnam sea cucumber special zone, individual regulations will be relaxed, and the sea cucumber industry will be developed into a specialized industry in the region.
4 city/provincial offices of education in Chungcheong Province, including Sejong City Office of Education along with offices in Daejeon, Chungnam and Chungbuk, signed a 'business agreement to cultivate local talents' with 16 local community colleges in Sejong City Office of Education on the 12th.
The organizations of this agreement are composed of 20 institutions, including 4 municipal ministries of education, Kangdong University, Daeduk University, Daewon University, Daejeon University of Science and Technology, Daejeon Health Institute of Technology, Baekseok Culture University, Sinseong University, Ajou Motor College, Yeonam University, Woosong Information College, Chungnam State University, Chungbuk State University, Chungbuk Health & Science University, Chuncheong University, Korea University of Media Arts, and Hyejeon University.
Major agreement contents include strengthening the creativity education, developing various curriculums reflecting regional characteristics, resolving the educational gap by jointly responding to changing educational environments, developing regional-based industries through regional human resources development, and eliminating the education gap by upgrading community education infrastructure.
Seung-heon Song said he decided to join the donation after watching the disaster scene news about the Salvation Army Emergency Relief Team.
Starting with this appointment ceremony, Ji-hoon Park and Norazo will actively participate in promoting policy responses to the Ministry of Environment's climate change and public interest campaigns on climate change through talent donation such as portrait rights and voices.
Earlier at the maritime boundary court of appeal on the 11th, the Constitutional Court defined the maritime boundaries between Kochang and Buan. They ruled that in the case of Buan's public waters charging fee, the portion of the Gochang-gun jurisdiction is invalid.
It is explained that the reasons for the re-designation as a permitted area are because each development project is in progress and the extension of the designation period is necessary for the smooth operation of the project.
In the 1st round of the tournament held at Ulsan Bora Country Club(par 72, 6,674 yards) on the 12th, Jeong-min Cho hit a 5-under-par 67 with 6 birdies and 1 bogey.
Jeong-min Cho, last year's Opening Lotte Lentor's runner-up in the women's open-air championship, continued to be on the rise and is aiming for a 4th consecutive victory since winning the Lotte Cantata Women's Open last June.
It is impossible to ignore the big game experience, and the all-star center DeMarcus Cousins's integration into the team at the end has been considered as a hopeful element.
Due to Kevin Durant and Clay Thompson's release as free agent players(FA) after this season, the team's willingness to win is higher than ever.

Strong back-court sources, such as Chris Middleton, who became the all-star this season for the first time, and Eric Bledsoe, are on track to win the NBA title in 48 years.
Toronto, who's especially weak in spring basketball, has a fighting chance to have its first victory, depending on Kawhi Leonard's play.
While the Metropolitan Government is strongly explaining that it is an inevitable action to protect the government building, some complainants are arguing that it is against the trend of the open administration era.
The Federation is requesting the Ulsan City to guarantee the sovereignty of the disabled, including 24 hours support service for disabled persons' activities as well as financial support for activities support services.
The Ulsan City Hall has 2 underground levels and 8 stories above ground. Among them, ground floor 2~4 is connected to the main building for the convenience of disabled people and civilian residents.
On the 11th, Jeonju City announced that it decided to change the name of 'Dongsan-dong(東山洞)', named after Japanese people at the time of Japanese imperialism, after collecting opinions from residents.
This stone lantern was built on the corner of 4 churches built during the Japanese occupation of the Shinto shrine(神社), and looks similar to the stone lantern of the Yasukuni shrine in Japan and the Namsan shrine in Seoul.
Hwangtohyeon Battlefield was the site where Donghak Peasant Army fought and won for the first time in battle on May 11, 1894 with the government army. The statues and supplements were established in 1987.
Celebrating the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea, Poongsan Hwadong Co., Ltd. has released 2 versions of gold medals and one version of silver medal, releasing 500 and 1,000 each, together with the Korea Minting and Civil Aviation Corporation.
Julian Assange, the founder of the exposure site 'Wikileaks', was once praised for being a 'great revelator' and 'guardian of an open society'.

The time when Assange, who had his world-wide reputation, first entered his downfall path was in 2010 when he was accused of committing sex crimes at the time of his visit to Sweden.
He caused a trouble even during his exile, including leaking emails from former Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, during the 2016 US presidential election.
It was 2010 when Assange emerged as a world-class star, by posting the entire 1.6-gigabyte US government confidential documents on the Wikileaks, sneaked by a US Army veteran Bradley Manning.
Wikileaks has also uncovered a 90,000-page 'Afghanistan war logs' that contain sensitive information, such as how the multinational coalition forces killed civilians in Afghanistan.
Documents that can give a glimpse of the United States' 'real intentions' towards South Korea, such as comments about Korean high-ranking officials and politicians, and analysis of the situation in Korea, were also leaked.
Some conspiracy theories have put up with a number of inconsistent circumstances and have put up with sexual assault charges in order to extradite the mountains to the United States.
After being arrested in England, Assange refused to be repatriated to Sweden and applied for asylum at the Ecuadorian Embassy during his bail in 2012.
This was possible because of the protection of former anti-American Correa president, who was Ecuadorean incumbent president at the time of Assange's exile.
Wikileaks unveiled 19,000 hacked emails that were exchanged by the Democratic National Committee members in July 2016, the period of the US presidential election.
The emails included Democratic leadership mocking Senator Bernie Sanders, who was the frontrunner to Hillary Clinton, and managing the election in favor of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
Last March, Assange raised the suspicion that President Moreno's brother has laundered money by building a ghost company, and he leaked a picture of President Moreno's personal life.
After receiving military service benefits by winning the gold medal in the Asian Games last September, Heung-min Son has donated 100 million won to the 'Army Devotion and Love Fund'.
After the business plan was confirmed as a part of the Ulleungdo comprehensive development plan in March 1963, the first vehicle operation was started in August 1997 at the 2.3km section between Dodong-ri and Jeodong-ri in Ulleungdo.
Starting with this, SKT, who had taken the Baron's buff, set a 4 kill mark in the elder dragon battle.
Heung-min Son also expressed his thoughts on his dancing in the Binggrae advertisement video, which was released to the public on the 13th.
In the first inning, Ji-man Choi made a hit of the opponent player Clay Buchholz's 4th curve, in front of the right fielder.
The selected organizations will each recruit 10 'colleague support person' by the coming 18th. After completing the training for 'colleague support person'(18 hours for people with developmental disabilities, 20 hours for people with other disabilities), they will participate in the project.
Will Incheon Electroland, which is in the KBL championship contest(champ) for the first time in 22 years, be able to 'flip' the situation?
In the 1st game of the series on the 13th of last month, Electroland was defeated by Ulsan Hyundai Mobis by 3 points, but rated to be #졌잘싸#(lost but well fought).
When looking at the results of the championship games between the 1st and 2nd teams in the regular season, there is still room for Electroland to win the championship title.
Wikileaks co-founder Julian Assange(pictured) was arrested 7 years after his escape. U.S.A., Sweden and other relevant countries are pushing for judicial proceedings against him.
AP News agency reported on the 13th that 70 members of the House of Representatives signed a statement on the 12th(local time) stating that the Assange's recruit should be brought to Swedish prosecutors.
The British police has been seeking for an opportunity to arrest Assange, who broke his bail regulations by disobeying the court order. Recently, they succeeded in arresting him with the help of the Ecuadorean government.
When Assange has escaped to the Ecuadorian embassy and was unable to be investigated, Swedish prosecutors have stopped prosecuting his rape case in May 2017.
Assange also exposed Democratic Party documents hacked by Russian intelligence agencies ahead of the 2016 US presidential election and emails of Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Wikileaks.
In just a few hours after evicting Assange from the embassy, Ecuador's government arrested Ola Bini, a supporter of Assange and a software expert from Sweden.
On the 15th, Liberty Korea Party has decided to ask the Supreme Prosecutors' Office for investigations on candidate Lee and her husband, lawyer Chung-jin Oh, on the charges of corruption prevention law, violation of capital market laws, and leaking of government secrets.
Lawyer Oh's behavior of proposing a TV debate with a Liberty Korea Party member who has raised the first suspicion is not appropriate.
The Blue House's deliberation is necessary, so that they won't get hunted by relying too much on candidate Lee's contention.
At 9:40 a.m. on the 15th, Asiana Airlines is being traded at 7,100 won, surpassing the previous closing price of 5,600 won(26.79%) on the KOSPI market.
The reason why the whole group's share price, including the price of Asiana Airlines, skyrocketed on the first trading day of the week is not irrelevant with this.
On this day, Woods had a reversing victory in the first major contest Masters of the US Professional Golf Association(PGA) Tour, held at the Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, with 13-under-par.
On the 15th, Chungju-si, Chungbuk Province, will begin construction work on the Central Medical Center, an integrated medical facility for the Western/Oriental combined treatment methods, starting with the groundbreaking ceremony.
According to the city, the Center for Integrated Medical Centers in the Central Region will pay 28.3 billion won, including 17 billion won of government expense, will complete its construction by the end of 2020, with 140 sickbeds on 3 floors above ground at 20,669㎡.
The Center for Integrated Medical Centers in the Central Region will play a role in developing a leading integrated health care service model and building an integrated healthcare system that combines medical care, education and research.
Here, an integrated treatment clinic with outpatient clinics, an integrated healing center, educational and research facilities, and bedside concept accommodations will be offered, and various facilities including a healthcare shopping mall and an organic restaurant will be provided.
With Tiger Woods(44)'s return as the Masters champion on the 15th(Korean time), the father-and-son(父子) hug from the first championship 22 years ago was recreated in 22 years.
After confirming his victory at the 18th hole this day, Woods hugged his son, who was wearing the same red top and black bottom as his.
After losing his father in July of that year, Woods has won the British Open title by 1 point difference. Hee hugged his caddy Steve Williams, and was also shedding tears looking at the sky.
Liverpool director Jürgen Klopp, who usually watches the game with a broad-brimmed hat, has expressed courtesy by taking off his hat with his wiggle-faced head back.
The event, called the 'Hillsborough Disaster,' resulting in a total of 96 deaths, was a huge shock to the football world not only in England.
At Hillsborough Stadium, currently used as Sheffield Wednesday's home stadium, the FA Cup semi-finals was being held between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest.
Because of the fans crowding all at once, stadium marshals could not figure out the actual numbers and led over 3,000 fans into the stadium with 1,600 seats.
Because there were nearly twice as many people than the capacity, the standing audience, where the Liverpool fans were located, could not help but turn into a madhouse.
Through this construction, the 1st underground roadway section of Doan underpass was extended towards Yuseong-daero, and the connection section of Yuseong-daero had additional roads for left and right, as well as acceleration and deceleration lanes.
Head of the game division Jae-hong Lee, Chief Executive Officer Chung-gyeong Choi, manager of Planning Division Jin-seok Kim, manager of the Game Management Department Sang-hyun Lee, director of Chungnam Promotion Agency In-soo Kim, and Head of Management Planning Division Seong-gak Kim were present.
On this day, WBSC reported that South Korea will play Premier 12 C group qualifiers with Australia(6th), Canada(7th), and Cuba(8th) this coming November at the Gocheok Sky Dome, Seoul.
On the 15th, Chul-hwi Lee, chairman of the Democratic Party of Korea's Pocheon-Gapyeong area, held a press conference at the Gapyeong-gun office meeting room and urged the government to accept the '2nd Kyungchun National Highway Route Plan', following the opinions of Gapyeong-gun residents.
A compact car brand 'MINI' is running a subscription service 'All the Time MINI' with Epica, a premium connected car platform service company.
Since the addition of 1 confirmed person on the 12th of last month, the number of measles spreads in Daejeon area, which has been quiet for the weekend, has been on on the rise.
A confirmed measles outbreak in Daejeon, which was 13 by the day before, became a total of 15, with 2 additional confirmed patients as of 5:00 p.m. today(15th).
After their confirmed infection, the total number of confirmed measles cases from the first occurrence date became 15, with 12 in Daejeon, and 1 in each Gongju/Sejong/Suwon.
In order to secure the stability, the military decided to invest 9.3 billion won to install about 1,500 ground reinforcements such as sole nail, permanent anchor, and piercing pile according to the depth of the ground surface.
16 residents evacuated, 10 buildings and 500m of roads cracked/subsided, and the transmission tower of 74m in height was demolished.
As the chair-city of the city environment convention centered on 156 cities in 52 member countries, the city has been strengthening international solidarity cooperation since 2011, including holding the UEA submit meeting.
They make TV series based on popular movies such as Star Wars and Toy Story, and design a documentary that shows the production process of 'Frozen 2'.
In the final round of the Celltrion Queens Masters(total prize money of 800 million won) of Korea Ladies Professional Golf Association(KLPGA) Tour held on the 14th, Jeong-min Cho won with a total of 7-under-par 209 at the Bora Golf Club(par 72, 6674 yards) in Ulju-gun, Ulsan.
When the Champion group started on the 18th hole, Jeong-min Cho, Seung-hyun Lee(28) and Boa Kim were likely to extend their lead with a total of 6-under-par, but it was Jeong-min Cho who smiled in the end.
By putting her second shot to 1m away from the hole, Jeong-min Cho ended up getting the birdie chance and won a victory with a 1 point difference.
Super Rookie' A-yeon Cho(19), who won the Lotte Rental Car Women's Open on the 10th of last month, finished 5th in the final round with a total of 6-under-par.
It is a moment that reminds of last season's complete defeat of Cleveland Cavaliers, where LeBron James(current LA Lakers), 1st place in the East, was in.

In 11 games that were held this year, including League and Champions League games, Ulsan Hyundai did not even lose once, marking 8 wins and 3 draws.
Starting with striker Júnior's opening goal, Ulsan won a victory with In-sun Kim's multi-goals at 38 minutes and 45 minutes of the last half.
At the Citizen One Mind Contest, Vice Chairman of Korea Football Association Young-il Choi, Executive Director Myung-bo Hong, and Former Vice President of Korea Football Association Hoe-taik Lee participated and checked the enthusiasm of Gimpo-si citizens who are wishing for Gimpo to hold the Soccer Complex Center.
On the 15th, Yeongjong-dong Ministry of Public Management and Welfare(Chief Hye-young Hahm) in Jung-gu, Incheon, announced that it signed a mutual cooperation agreement with Yeongjong Welfare Center(Chief Eun-jeong Seong) on the 12th of last month.

By signing this business agreement, Yeongjong-dong expects that it will contribute to the promotion of local welfare by supporting resource sharing, information exchange, and close system between institutions to support case management subjects, support crisis households, and locate welfare blind spots.
Yeongjong Welfare Center was opened on March 30 last year, and it has been carrying on projects such as case management, linking of local resources, operation of mobile counseling center, and support for culture of vulnerable classes in order to find welfare in the local community, .
In the 2nd round of the 2018-2019 SKT 5GX Men's Professional Basketball Championship game(Championship) held at Ulsan Dongcheon Gymnasium on the 15th, Incheon Electroland won Hyundai Mobis by 89 to 70.
Samsung Galaxy S10 5G, the world's first 5G chipset-embedded smartphone, was launched on the 3rd of last month, and LG Electronics's V50 ThinQ 5G will be released later this month.
On the 15th of last month(Korean time), Woods won the Masters Tournament(total prize money of 11 million dollars) with a total of 13-under-par 275.
The center was renovated as part of a social economic ecosystem project by remodeling vacant rooms that were generated when the Social Economic Support Center was moved to Busan Venture Tower(Mora-dong) last November.
The city was the first to conduct environmental patrols using the drone in the Nakdong River basin in order to monitor the water pollution of the Nakdong river system, including the waters of the Busan tap water and the upper stream of the Mulgeum/Mae-ri intake station.
To actively utilize drones in the Nakdong River environmental monitoring, the city will make efforts to equip its abilities and equipments through systematic preparations such as drone demonstration project, drone purchasing and system construction, and droning manpower assurance.

For this, they plan to carry out a demonstration project with Busan ​​Unattended Vehicle Integration Research Institute from May, for the water quality inspection of the main stream and tributary of the Nakdong River and the possibility of watering and development and utilization of drones.
The city has applied for a government expense of 80 million won last February, and from August it will build a drones purchase and operation system to officially use drone for environmental monitoring.
On the 16th, Jeju Island has announced that it will implement the 'overtime quota system' to limit the official night shifts of public officials, 'recommended annual leave' to encourage the use of annual leave, and 'family care leave' to extend the special leave focused on child care to the whole range of the family, during the first half of this year.
At the US Professional Golf Association(PGA) Tour season's first major Masters Tournament, held at Augusta, Georgia, USA on the previous day, Woods won a victory with a total of 13-under-par 275.
The forest authorities and the fire department, which were dispatched after receiving the report, are working on putting out the fire by dispatching 164 people, 25 units of equipment such as fire engines, and 4 helicopters.
According to the waterworks law, a person who breaks down an existing water supply pipe or installs, modifies, or destroys a water supply facility of an ordinary water supply is liable to imprisonment for up to 2 years or a fine of up to 20 million won.
Therefore, it is anticipated that how well KEPCO followed the safety management obligations will be an important issue regarding damages compensation.
In 1996 and 2000, the causes of wildfires in Goseong were clearly identified and the victims were fully compensated.
Meanwhile, Gapyeong-gun, based on the meeting, plans to concentrate all administrative power on securing the national budget by visiting the central ministry.
KT, who built a triple carry line with Jayce-Azir-Vladimir in the 1st set on this day, managed the second half by defending a strong attack from his opponent.
President Putin, who is scheduled to visit China at this time, may stay in the Far East for a while and meet with Chairman Kim.
President Putin is expected to have a separate domestic schedule at the Far East Primorsky Krai, a border town between China and Russia, on the 24th which is before his visit to Beijing.
It is expected that Chairman Kim will visit Vladivostok to have the first North Korea-Russia summit during this period.
On the 15th, the city announced that it will introduce a system for the first time in the nation to prevent crime by using CCTV field image when an emergency situation such as the electronic anklet damage is occurred.
The Ministry of Justice 'Electronic Anklet Location Tracking Center', which monitors electronic device wearers such as sexual violators, has been unable to properly check the actual site scene because it has been able to only grasp the location of the supervisor.
From now on, if an electronic anklet wearer appears to engage in abnormal behavior, more than 5,400 CCTVs installed in Daejeon will provide the site scenes in real time, which will be transferred to a location tracking center.
The location tracking center requests the real-time CCTV image of the incident location to the 'Daejeon-si Smart City Integration Center' which is in charge of CCTV control after the alarm, and grasps the situation of the scene and issues an immediate dispatch order to the relevant probation station.

The provision of CCTV images to the location tracking center is limited to cases such as damage to electronic devices other than the pacific time, violation of restriction of going out at certain times such as late night hours, entry into restricted areas, and access to specific persons such as victims.
At the US Professional Golf Association(PGA) Tour season's first major Masters Tournament, held at Augusta National Golf Club(par 72) in Augusta, Georgia, USA on the 15th(Korean time), Woods won a victory with a total of 13-under-par.
At 2010, the following year after his sexual scandal was on the rise, Woods received treatment for 6 weeks in a psychiatric clinic in Hattiesburg, Mississippi, USA.
Woods, who has confirmed his victory in the Masters, has hugged his daughter Sam Alexis, his son Charlie Axel and his mother.
The city and the firefighting authorities promoted guidelines such as flying sky lanterns when the instantaneous wind speed of the ground surface(1m above the ground) is less than 2m per second, and using the flameproof material so that the sky lantern will not burn.
Earlier, Gangwon Provincial Committee on Socio-Cultural Affairs has eliminated the 1 billion won budget for the World Fireworks Convention on the 10th of last month.
Molinari, who was on the lead with a 13-under-par in the first half of the day, and Woods, who was 2nd with a 2 point difference, were tied in the Champion group and participated in the round together.
Molinari, who played a 'bolt golf' just like his homeland Italia's solid soccer, and Woods, who plays a brilliant and aggressive 'attack golf', were against each other.
After having 7 rounds of this season's games, he was ranked at the top of the K-League averages(6.8 points) provided by Korea Professional Football League.
In the Academy, they plan to train career experience for school-aged people with disabilities such as welfare facility for the disabled, developmental disability training center, and webtoon training to nurture professional writers.
They scrambled the other teams with bold but aggressive play by not avoiding the all-out war, and became the lead, accumulating a total of 78 points(kill score 50 points).
Preferred stocks generally have a preferential position in dividends, but share prices are lower than common shares due to their lack of voting rights. As of now, the opposite trend is happening in Hanjin Group related stocks.
In the case of Hanjin Kal, short selling volume surged by 40 times from 19,295 on the 5th of last month to 88,621 on the 8th, when Chairman Cho's death was reported.
It is pointed out that the share price is going too far ahead, when it needs time to improve fundamentals and to finalize related issues of both airlines.
The UN investigation committee estimated that more than 10,000 Muslim ethnic minority Rohingya people were killed in Myanmar's massive anti-government battle.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade also issued the 3-stage(red) travel alert, which is the 'recommended withdrawal' to the borders of China, Laos, Thailand and India, which are in the Myanmar's border area. They issued the 2-stage(yellow) travel alert, which is issued to pay special attention to safety, in the whole Kashanju and in some parts of northern Shan State.
The newly reorganized route, celebrating the 1st anniversary of its operation, added the Sejong high-speed intercity bus terminal for foreign tourists, except Sejong-si tax museum/forest museum, which was poorly utilized.
The city tour departs from Jochiwon Station and runs a round trip through the Dodam-dong Market, Lake Park(Presidential Archives, National Sejong Library), Sejong High Speed ​​Intercity Bus Terminal, Gongju Seokjang-ri Museum, Geumgang New Park, Gongsanseong, Songsanri Tombs, and Gongju Station, without any transfer.
Admission fee is 5,000 won for adults, 3,000 won for disabled persons, elementary/middle/high school students, elders, and a group(20 or more).
City tour buses are available both on weekends and national holidays, and they operate 8 times a day from 9 a.m. to 6:10 p.m.
At the end of last March, Red Cross Federation had announced that it would provide assistance to about 650,000 people in Venezuela, and that the polarized Venezuela would not be interfered with by either side.
The dispatch area includes 25 people in Bloomfield College, BC, 25 people in University of Newcastle(UoN), and 30 people in Northwest University(NWU) in China, making a total of 80 people.
On the 17th, Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology(KAIST) announced that it will hold the '2019 KAIST Research Day' at 10:00 a.m. on the 23rd at the Geun-mo Jung Conference Hall in Daejeon.
The Research Day, which has been held annually since 2016, is an event designed to provide opportunities for information exchange in the field of R&D and to promote research on fusion between researchers.
Through the business agreement, both organizations will make every effort to strengthen mutual cooperation system, by actively utilizing all the human/material resources that they each possess, and to cultivate excellent talents.
Meanwhile, Maritime Police Agency concluded an academic exchange business agreement last year with Dongguk University and Inha University in order to establish a cooperative system of education and to cultivate excellent personnel.
In May 2009, the year after the two countries' visit, they had a sisterhood ceremony for both institutions. In 2010, they competed in the 1st Let's Run Park Busan Gyeongnam-Kokura Racecourse.
As of now, about one month has passed since the store opened, the number of visitors as well as the amount of sales has increased by more than 60% every week.
Nam-gyu Park, head of the Cybex brand, pointed out that fashion collection and customer convenience facilities, which can only be found in the Cybex Cheongdam flagship store, is a successful factor in opening the flagship store.
The 'Ordinance Regarding the Promotion and Use of Local Currency in Chungcheong Province', enacted/promulgated on the 11th of last month, covers the projects and revitalization of local currency use and financial support for cities and counties.
At the Yeonorang Seonyeo theme park, it is possible see a wide variety of sights, such as Silla Village, Ilwoldae, Yeonorang Garden, Japanese Garden, and Tortoise Rock, as well as the panoramic East Sea, POSCO Night View, and Pohang City at a glance.
Starting next January, Shinhan Card plans to introduce a service that will allow wire transfer within a certain amount, even if there is no balance in the account.
On the 18th(Korean time), Heung-min Son(27, Tottenham Hotspur, pictured) will challenge to become the first Asian player to win the most goals in the Champions League at a game against Manchester City (Manchester City).
After scoring his first goal in the Champions League in 2014-2015 season when he was in the German Bundesliga's Leverkusen, Heung-min Son scored 10 goals(excluding 2 playoff goals) so far in the Champions League.
Heung-min Son came on as a substitute during the last half of this game, and supported the team's attack, helping Moura's third goal.
They did not hide their view that the solution to improve the subway cargo sharing rate is linked with the restructuring of the transportation system of Gwangju city, such as suppressing passenger cars.
Shin-soo Choo, who had a hit from the first inning, hit the first home run of the season when he hit the middle of the mound against the opponent player Trevor Cahill at the bottom of the 3rd inning.
He was a 'slow starter' who was quiet at the beginning of the season and contributed to the second half score, so expectations for his performance were high last year, but the results were disappointing.

Celebrating the 5th anniversary of the Sinking of MV Sewol, the memorial event was held across Ansan Gyeonggi-do and other parts of the country to commemorate 304 victims of Sewol from 5 years ago.
Earlier in the morning, 5th memorial ceremony for the victims of 4/16 Sinking of Sewol was held at the Sewol Memorial in Incheon Family Park, where 41 public victims were laid.
At the Ansan Danwon High school hall, the memorial ceremony in honor of the sacrifices of seniors and teachers, who the students in school have never seen before, was held under the name 'Spring again, Cherish Hope'.

After the ceremony, the students made a yellow ribbon and searched for a 'memory classroom' in the Ansan Education Support Office, recreating the 2nd grade classroom at the time of the accident.
After loading the paper boat on a large ship and chanting, the mourners marched towards Jeju Port's 2nd pier, which was the arrival site for Sewol.
The unique structure of the Gothic style that encloses the tightly woven wooden ridgepole to the outer walls of the stone made the firefighting more difficult.
The Paris Fire Department has begun putting out a fire by controlling the access to the Cité Island, where the cathedral is located, and dispatching 400 firefighters along with 18 fire engines.
This type of structure is suitable for protecting against fire from the outside, but it is helpless if fire starts from the wooden ridgepole area.
Even if the firefighters spray water from the outside, it is blocked by the outer wall and will not reach the fire flame. Furthermore, the outer wall prevents heat and smoke from getting out of the building, which makes it hard to start putting out a fire inside.
If the fire struck the wood inside the bell tower, it was likely that the whole building would collapse as the huge bell loses its support and falls down.
Firefighters spent the whole night cleaning up the fire residue, and at around 3:40 a.m. on the 16th, they caught a big flame and fully put out a fire by about 10 a.m.
About 100 firefighters remained in the cathedral to find out if there was any flame left behind and how the burnt wood affected the safety of the building.
Any pregnant civil servants who work in the city can use it, and unlike the pregnant women(female) relaxation center, it also serves office functions for business support.
From now on, global foundry competition between Samsung Electronics and TSMC, Taiwan's No. 1 foundry industry, is expected to be fierce.
Small and Medium Business Association announced that Chairman Ki-moon Kim(Front Row Second from the right in the picture) visited Goseong Gangwon-do on the 16th and delivered 18 million won of the disaster fund to Korea Remicon Co., Ltd., Hwangwon Remicon Ascon Industry Co., Ltd., and Kumkang Remicon Co., Ltd., who suffered from this wild fire.
Last week, the Small and Medium Enterprises Love Sharing Foundation has donated 100 million won worth of contributions and goods, raised by Small and Medium Business Administration, to the Korea Disaster Relief Association. They also plan to donate once more this week.
After the center DeMarcus cousins was injured in the 1st quarter, and even Kevin Durant was ruled off at the end of the 4th quarter with 6 fouls, Golden State lost its grip on the game.
In the case of women with disabilities, the project to dispatch a 'home helper' to reduce the burden of childcare and household activities is expanded from 160 this year to 202 in 2023.
Celebrating 'Jackie Robinson Day' in honor of the league's first black player, Jackie Robinson, the Major League athletes were in the game, all wearing his uniform number 42 on this day.
The center plans to collect foreign cases and domestic materials in order to study services that meet the needs of the disabled and their families.
Hyundai Mobis, who lost in the 2nd round by 19 points on the 15th of last month, added a series record of 2 wins and 1 loss.
With all the attacks going to Charles Rod(14 points, 9 rebounds), due to the absence of Potts, and the success rate of 3-point shooting dropping to 18.5%, from 25% in the 2nd round, Electroland fought a hard battle.
Yeongsan River Basin Environment Agency sent an indictment to prosecutors for 6 prospective exporters, including 4 measuring agents, LG Chem Yeosu Hwachi factory, and Hanwha Chemical Yeosu 1/2/3 factories.
The companies that have been caught should select the most reliable institutions, conduct health impact assessments and risk investigations, and do their best to make appropriate compensation according to the results.
Meanwhile, Dominique Signora, president of Samsung Motors, stressed that he will continue to invest in the Korean market by visiting Busan, where his cooperative firms are having a hard time.
National Labor Relations Commission has recently concluded a 2nd round of labor disputes between GM Korea's National Metal Workers' Union and the GM Technical Center Korea, a new research and development(R&D) organization.
Forbes reported that using the acquired 3D data would be a great help for the restoration of the cathedral.
This bombing killed up to 17 people, including a North Korean missile specialist who was hired to improve Syria's missiles.
With the help of the Independence Hall, the city has redesigned 14 distribution boxes with texts and photographs that introduce 3 independent fighters, including Gwang-sun Ryu/Dong-nyeong Yi/Pyung-ok Chough from Cheonan, and 11 independent fighters, including Bong-gil Yun/Yong-un Han from Chungnam.
The city announced that the Ministry of Environment should actively involve in preparing incentives for the central government, including a plan to support special subsidies(250 billion won), which is equivalent to 20% of the project costs.
In here, a method of reclaiming only the remaining ash after burning the garbage is being considered, but it is highly likely that the international cities of Cheongna and Youngjong will be exposed to odor due to the direction of the wind.
The city has recently urged the government to actively resolve the issue of landfill disposal in the metropolitan area and alternative landfill construction through several open/closed consultations with government officials including the Minister of Environment.
At the Democratic Party City Council meeting on the 8th of last month, the city further urged the government to take measures such as government-led initiatives and government-sponsored incentives.
They have agreed that the Ministry of Environment's initiation along with extraordinary incentives, as in the case of Gyeongju wastewater site, would be necessary in order to build a substantial alternative landfill site. They also have agreed to jointly urge it to the government.
The selection method of location candidates is based on a consensus in the direction of dissolving regional conflicts by promoting projects through public offerings and introducing/promoting eco-friendly waste management methods such as waste reduction.
The city makes it clear that the Ministry of Environment should lead in creating an alternative landfill site, and that the disposal of construction sites and construction waste is a joint responsibility of the national/local governments.
The residents' support plan consists of 10% of the project expenses, such as the subsidy facility support fee, 10% of the commission fee, the subsidy fund(50%), or special subsidy.
The Day Care Center, which serves as the ultimate bastion for adults with severe disabilities to live with their families in their communities, lacks in number, located only in 3 places in Seogu, while it is a necessary facility for people with developmental disabilities.
The '2019 Netmarble Game Concert', which is presented for the first time this year, is an event to share and communicate game expertise and know-how, and it was established to develop and spread a healthy game culture.
The slogan means that everyone in the society will be warmly welcomed when they understand and embrace each other with the message that the people should be guaranteed a decent human life without being discriminated or excluded due to disability.
At Oship-cheon, Yeongduk-eup on the 18th, Yeongdeok-gun preserved the genetic characteristics of Yeongdeok Golden Swallow and released 100,000 golden swallow for the purpose of creating resources in the water.
It is a submerged fish inhabiting in the 1st clean water of Oship-cheon, and has a deep golden band under the gill, that distinguishes it from other swallows.

On the 18th(Korean time), Irving scored 37 points against India Pacers in the 1st round 2nd game of the NBA Playoffs held in TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. With this, he became the top scorer of the game.
Irving, who showed an unstable field goal(17 attempts, 6 successes) in the last game, got his play back by throwing 26 field goals and passing 15 to the rim.
Starting from his Cleveland Cavaliers days, Irving has been a 'troubleshooter' together with LeBron James to make goals in a difficult situation.
With all-round Tatum and veteran Horford, if Boston is able to make good use of their skills, they will be able to rise as the dark horse of the East.
This content restructuring work was carried out to highlight the history of the railroad, which was started in the establishment of the railroad station of the Korean government in the end of the Joseon Dynasty, and to include issues related to the recent appointment of the KTX PyeongChang Olympic Cultural Heritage and the North-South railway connection project.
The disaster fund sent to National Disaster Relief Association will be used for fire relief activities in the Gangwon Province, including Sokcho and Goseong.
On the right side were Lucas Moura and Christian Eriksen, so Heung-min Son was basically in charge of the entire left and central attack area.
Instead of giving up the post-play, Heung-min Son showed his specialty, including dribbling, shooting and side play, and pressured Manchester City's defense line.
Heung-min Son made the opening goal at the 7 minute of the first half, making Manchester City's defense player Aymeric Laporte's mistake into a nonstop shooting.
Heung-min Son blocked Manchester City left wingback Benjamin Mendy's overlapping, and defended Stirling's breakthrough together with Kieran Trippier.
Shin showed off his splendid performance with his 4 colleagues in wheelchairs and 5 drone balls with a diameter of 40cm.
Jung-ho Kang, who returned to the big league 2 years after his drunken hit-and-run accident, suffered an extreme slump, marking the batting average of 0.105(4 hits in 38 at-bats) 1 home-run 4 hits in 13 previous games.
Director Cha went to check the rumor about Ju-a Lee, who is said to be 170cm tall in height and have a great athletic ability.
It is also said that French President Emmanuel Macron, who was caught up in the political crisis, has had the opportunity to reverse the situation thanks to the cathedral fire.
According Le Figaro newspaper, President Macron has prepared reforms, including demolishing Ecole Nationale d'Administration(ENA),which is the home of the French political elite, along with cutting taxes. However, he postponed the reforms due to the fire.
France's two major luxury goods companies, Louis Vuitton Moet Hennessy(LVHM) Group and Kerring Group, L'Oreal cosmetics company, and Total refineries have generously contributed money, a total of 800 million euros(about 1,027 billion won) was collected in just one day.
The bronze rooster statue, which was located at the end of the ruined spire due to fire, was miraculously found in the wreckage.
After the special ministerial meeting, Prime Minister Edouard Philippe announced that he decided to enter the collapsed spire design into the international competition.
It may take decades to secure materials like oak trees that will be used for the destroyed spire and its roof, and the work rate may be slower depending on the results of the preliminary check to prevent further collapse and the proficiency of the experts.
Upon reaching the ship in the process of painting work, a gas pipe came in at a glance, which was woven like a spider web.
Previously, SK E&S entered into a long-term supply agreement for natural gas for the Tangguh in Indonesia in 2005, invested in Kaldita-Barosa gas field in Australia in 2012, and invested in Woodford in the US in 2014.
The Islamic Law Sharia declares that Muslim women should 'cover all parts of their bodies except for their hands and faces' when they go out.
European societies have criticized Islamic laws and cultures that have been oppressing women for a long time, but Middle East nations confront their criticism arguing that it is a 'religious and cultural difference'.
It was also selected by the Times magazine as the only Muslim to be included in the 100 most influential people in the world in 2019.
With their great performance, which reminds of 1995 when they won 'Big Year(Champions League trophy)' using new players, they raised expectations for the championship in 24 years.
On the 17th(Korean time), Ajax beat Juventus by 2 to 1 in the Champions League quarter-finals 2nd round held at the Turin Allianz Stadium.
Although they allowed Cristiano Ronaldo(34) to score the opening goal at 28 minutes of the first half of the away game, they have gained the ticket to semi-finals with Van de Beek(22)'s tie goal at 34 minutes of the first half and 'boy captain' Matthijs de Ligt(20)'s winning goal at 22 minutes of the second half.
After being defeated to Real Madrid by 1 to 2 in the 1st round of the Round of 16, Ajax won a big victory at the 2nd round away game by 4 to 1, eventually advancing to the semi-finals.

Ajax's Champions League achievement in this season reminds of the team in the mid-90s when Director Louis van Gaal was leading.
Beek and De Ligt, who have scored against Juventus, along with Frenkie de Jong(22), David Neres(22) and Noussair Mazraoui(22), who are scheduled to move to Barcelona after this season, are all in the early 20s.
These companies will be investigated by the prosecution, but under current law, the level of punishment of the exporting companies is low. It is suggested that stronger regulations are needed.
According to the investigation results, 4 measuring companies have issued false reports without reducing nor actually measuring pollutant emissions from 235 sites that have been commissioned for at least 4 years from 2015.
The pollutants that they depleted were dust, sulfur oxides, and nitrogen oxides, those that accounted for about half of the domestic fine dust sources.
There are historical attraction spots such as the 6.74m 'Amtae-do Tenants War Memorial Tower', which shows the history of the farm tenancy dispute, and #송곡우실#/#익금우실#, where old wood and stone road meet.
Daegu City, which already has a '518' bus which operates the Seongseo Industrial Complex~Gyeongsan Hayang-eup route, raised a proposal to make a 228 bus in Gwangju to remind other cities of the 5/18 Democratic Uprising and the 2/28 Democracy Movement.
This route goes through 10 historical places such as Gwangju High School, the epicenter of the 4/19 Revolution in Gwangju, and the National Asian Cultural Complex(formerly Jeonnam Provincial Government Office), designated as a historic site for the 5/18 Democratic Uprising.
The Jeonbuk Jeonju Stadium Site(126,125㎡), which has been in conflict over development and rehabilitation for the last 14 years, will be built on two pillars: the urban forest for future generations and the future MICE industry site.
In addition, Deputy Chief Public Opinion Investigation Committee's overturn of the 'unreasonable' recommendation derived from the results of the public opinion polls, and Jeju Island's issuance of a conditional opening permit, brought strong opposition.
According to the regulation requiring medical care centers to be opened within 3 months after the license is granted, Jeju Island conducted a hearing on the 26th of last month and took the cancellation procedure, when Greenland International Medical Center did not open until the 5th of last month.
VSG, who finished 6th on the previous day, climbed to the top of the group stage on the 3rd, raising its final ranking.
VSG, who added 62 points on this day, took the lead on the 3rd after defeating the European teams Liquid(52 points) and Ninjas in Pyjamas(NiP, 51 points).
In addition, Liquid (94 points), China's 4 Angry Man(4AM, 89 points), North America's Tempo Storm(83 points) and Thailand's Amori Gaming(77 points) also ranked from 5th to 8th place, and headed to the Grand Final.
North Korean leader Jong-un Kim, who returned 'empty-handed' from the summit with US President Donald Trump in last February, will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin next week.
It is also expected that they will discuss Russia's humanitarian aid to North Korea and how to extend the stay of North Korean workers in Russia, who are currently expected to return by the end of this year, in accordance with the UN Security Council resolution.
It is analyzed that President Putin would not be willing to take the political burden of violating the UN Security Council sanctions.
The same is true for the case where people with visual impairments need to answer items that have nothing to do with themselves, such as 'swallowing food' or 'changing their posture while lying down'.
On the 19th, Cheongju City in Chungbuk announced that it will expand the installation of road surface color guiding lines so that drivers can easily find their way around without being confused at the intersections.
By coming June, the city plans to invest 200 million won to display road surface color guide lines and road signs in the same color at the intersections of 16 industrial sites, including Industrial Park Six streets, Hyochon Junction, Cheongju Bridge Intersection, and Beongjeong Intersection.
The government announced a long-term energy plan that cuts final energy demand, which was 176 million TOE in 2017, by about 2.3% by 2040.
Last February, the expert of renewable energy generation Task Force(TF) has recommended that renewable energy needs to be set at a level of 30% or more by 2040.
Expansion of distributed and participatory energy systems such as solar power and electric power storage system(ESS), strengthening of global competitiveness of energy industry, and expansion of base for energy conversion are also the tasks to achieve the government goal.
In the fields of farm households, livestock accounted for 37%, followed by vegetables/wild vegetables for 24%, rice paddies for 15%, and fruit trees for 12%.
This agreement covers a total project cost of 5.8 billion won(armaments of 3.3 billion won), which will be used for underground construction projects by Boeun Army and Korea Electric Power Corporation for 3 years from this year to 2021.
Nuclear Safety and Security Commission said that a 4.3 magnitude earthquake occurred in the 54km northeast of East Sea of ​​Gangwon Province at 11:16 a.m. on the 19th, but confirmed that it had no impact on the safety of nuclear power plants, low-level radioactive waste disposal facilities and research reactors.
Nuclear Safety and Security Commission went on site safety checks shortly after the earthquake, and saw that there were no nuclear plants that showed any unusual safety variables in the nuclear facilities, or that had power output or manual stoppage.
As the earthquake continues to occur in the East Sea even after Nuclear Safety and Security Commission's announcement, it has been argued that the earthquake evaluation should be done better than the nuclear power plant construction.
According to this agreement, Jeju Island will be able to provide opportunities to promote Jeju Island through its partnership with Alipay Data and affiliates of Alibaba Group.
Jeju Island and Alipay Korea will expand sales of Alipay franchise to traditional markets, small and medium-sized merchants, and taxis, and promote various sales activities for individual tourists in China in order to increase sales.
On the 19th, Nexon announced that mobile casual arcade game 'Crazy Arcade BnB M' exceeded 10 million cumulative downloads in 29 days of its global service.
Former Director of Manchester United José Mourinho has insisted that there is no problem with Tottenham Hotspur's goal at the Champions League, which had brought a 'handball controversy'.
Kevin Jeon made his debut on the KPGA tour in 2007, but ended his career in 2012, not being able to make any noticeable results.
Dae-uk Jeong made his debut on the KPGA tour in 2014, but he did not get any noticeable results, and has been wandering in the 1st, 2nd leagues.
In fact, Dae-uk Jeong went down to the Challenge Tour by marking the 102nd in the year of his debut. He returned in 2016 and played for 2 years, but his ranking fell down to 143 and lost his seed.
Although the airplane is convenient in terms of time, considering the safety and publicity effects, it is possible to use trains like in the Vietnam-Hanoi Summit in Vietnam.
The fact that this route will also pass through the border area shows Chairman Kim's willingness to expand North Korea-China trade. Thus, it is considered as a viable option that can show their consideration for China.
In addition to this route, they can also use an iron bridge that connects the North Korea Rason District and Khasan in Russia that goes beyond Tumen River.
This campaign is aimed at recovering the downturned tourism in the East Coast, which resulted from the disruption of accommodations and restaurant reservations due to the recent East Coast wildfire.
Incheon city has urged the government to take the initiative in selecting a construction site for a new landfill to replace the garbage landfill in the metropolitan area.
The landfill of the metropolitan area was established in January 1985, when the Nanjido landfill in Seoul was saturated. It was built through the house of President Doo-hwan Chun at that time.
Didim plans to hire 15 people with developmental disabilities and deploy them at the stores and headquarters. If effective, it further plans to hire more people with developmental disabilities who have expertise in the confectionery field to work in the dessert sector.
Earlier, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced that they will allow Americans who were confiscated by the Cuban government after the Cuban Revolution in 1959 to file lawsuits against foreign companies and individuals using the property.
At the 2019 Major League game against the Baltimore Orioles, held in Tampa Bay, Florida, USA on the 18th(Korean time), Ji-man Choi played as a starter, a 3rd batter and 1st baseman.
Ji-man Choi has been having successful hits in 6 consecutive games after the Chicago White Sox game held on the 11th of last month. With his home-run on this day, he also solved the extra-base hit drought, which used to be pointed out as his disadvantage.
In order fill the empty spot of foreign player Giddy Potts(185cm) who had a shoulder injury in a professional basketball championship game, Incheon Electroland made a winning move by putting Tu Holloway(183cm) as a substitute.
On the 18th, Doosan Corporation announced that it concluded 'Fair Trade and Win-Win Cooperation Agreement' with 120 partner companies at Jung-gu Chungmu Art Center in Seoul and concluded 'Agreement to eliminate the wage gap' with the Dongban Growth Committee on the 17th.
Considering that the actual wheelchair-bound handicapped uses his upper body a lot, they used a stretchy jersey fabric for the jacket and the rear armhole of the shirt.
Due to the surging traffic volume between the two cities, the city has conducted a feasibility study for the connection of the metropolitan railroad from Daejeon Banseok Station to the Government Complex Sejong from last year until recently.
The city plans to cooperate with the Ministry of Land, Metropolitan Transport Commission, and Daejeon-si to apply the results of this service to government plans such as '4th Metropolitan Area Transportation Implementation Plan' and '4th National Railway Network Planning'.
On the 18th, Ulsan City announced that it will open the '2019 Ulsan Bike Festival' on the coming 21st, at the entrance of the Sipri reed Bridge in Taehwa River, Namgu, to celebrate the 11th Bicycle Day(April 22nd).
The bicycle march continues after the ceremony event and the official ceremony. The section starts from the event venue and extends by 14.23km and returns to the Ulju Bike Experiment Station in Guyoung-ri, Beomseo-up, Ulju-gun.
The bicycle parade will be held by 300 professional club members from Ulsan City Bicycle Federation and Ulsan Mountain Bike Association. They will be protecting participants from the front and back, having promotional flags on their bicycle suits.
Jeonbuk Wanju-gun will prepare for the baby boomer generation's retirement, and will start the 'Wanju Challenge 100℃' project for the cultivation of 2030 generation major talents.
On the 18th, Wanju-gun announced that it will operate the 'Wanju Challenge 100℃', a policy research group made up of public officials within 5 years of their appointment, starting from the coming 23rd.
It also includes the intention to prepare and challenge the 100-year future of Wanju, and to develop policies actively and fiercely just like the boiling water.
Wanju-gun plans to recruit 50 new employees, who are within 5 years of their appointment, and 20 mentor employees of grades 6~7, and organize 7 teams to hold meetings twice a month(Wednesdays).
As a part of the #완주숙# program, about 35 employees will stay together for two days at a time, and will conduct a discussion forum for communal issues as well as a place for communication from the resident-centered policy design.
On the 18th, Jeju Island announced that it will invest 47.9 billion won for the 'Lifelong Education Promotion Plan' this year and will implement 5 tasks/355 projects(210 provinces, 58 in Jeju-si, 74 in Seogwipo-si, and 13 Ministries of Education).
Around the 7th of last month, which is February 1st of the lunar calendar when Yeongdeung started, the northwest wind blew violently and did not stop throughout the whole month of March.
In Jeju Island, it is believed that if you bring in your daughter-in-law, Grandma Yeongdeung will be in a bad mood, which will result in violent wind. If you bring in your daughter, Grandma Yeongdeung will be in a good mood, and the wind will be weaker.
In some provinces, it is believed that when you bring in your daughter, the wind will blow so that her pink skirt would blow and would look beautiful. When you bring in your daughter-in-law, there will be rain so that her skirt will get wet.
Grandma Yeongdeung, who lives in the sky, comes to Sarabong, Geonip-dong, Jeju-si, Jeju Island on February 1st of the lunar calendar. She wanders from place to place and finally leaves through Udo on the 15th.
If Grandma is in a good mood and sprinkles a lot of seeds, sea crops are full of promise for a year. If she is in a bad mood and sprinkles fewer seeds, there will be a decrease in the sea crops.
On this day, about 40 female divers from Sindong put on the same basket with meat, rice cakes, fish, fruit, and sake, and put it on the altar. Then, they offer Grandma Yeongdeung a devout prayer hoping for health and wellbeing.
After the completion of the ceremony, the female divers send their offerings to the sea and then sit around the workplace again and listen to the fortune telling, using rice, from the shaman.
It is analyzed that it is because the government is strengthening regulations on drunken driving and liquor sales and there is increasing interest in healthy living among citizens.
This was his return game 12 days after the St. Louis Cardinals game on the 9th of last month, when he came down from the mound due to the pain in his left groin.
Chungnam Taekwondo demonstration team, which is to be operated until the end of this year, consists of a total of 31 people, including 1 director and 25 regular members.
The demonstration team was commissioned by the Chungnam Taekwondo Association, and will perform demonstrations at various festivals and sports events in the city if requested.
The city actively engaged in public relations promotions, making publicity booths with 5 themes such as 'City of World Heritage Gyeongju', 'Golden City Gyeongju', 'City of Sea Gyeongju', 'City of Healing/Experience Gyeongju', and 'City of Flower Gyeongju'.
In this season, Doosan won the first complete victory in the regular league since the launch of the Handball Korea League in 2011, and also won the complete victory in the championship game.
Hyundai Mobis, who was losing during the first half of this game by 39-43, narrowed the gap by raising 5 consecutive points, including Dong-geun Yang's 3-point shot at the beginning of the 3rd quarter.
As an easy example, the world's first commercialization of 5G by South Korea not so different from the launch of a sporting event in a professional league while having only 1 stadium.
In the final round of the tournament held at Harbor Town Golf Links(par 71, 6,491 yards) in South Carolina, USA on the 22nd(Korean time), Kyung-ju Choi ranked 10th, scoring a 1-over par 72, making a total of 7-under 277.
Kyung-ju Choi had consecutive cutoffs in 3 out of 4 contests, and ranked 69th in the Valero Texas Open.
In addition, Article 24(Prohibition of Animal Experimentation) of the Animal Protection Act prohibits experiments on animals prescribed by the Presidential Decree to be serving people or countries, such as guide dogs for persons with disabilities.
Stern mentioned the cases of LCD damages of Galaxy Folds, which was posted on Twitter by media reporters and officials who received the prototype.
The opening ceremony, which will be held at the first day of the ceremony on July 26th at 7:00 p.m., will start with the performance of Army Military Band and will further continue with Daejeon City Youth Choir and Daejeon Municipal Yeonjeong Korean Traditional Music Center members.
In the 30th round of the Bundesliga 2, 2018-2019, held at Volksparkstadion in Hamburg, Germany, on the 20th, Hamburg had a 1:1 draw against Erzgebirge Aue.
It has been 46 days since he was replaced due to his left thigh pain at 38 minutes of the second half of the German Bundesliga 2(2nd division) game against Greuther Furth, held on the 5th of last month.
Hamburg has to win at least 10 points in the remaining 4 games until the end of the season, in order to confirm its advancement.
In this day's match, Hamburg director Hans Wolff used Hee-chan Hwang as the first replacement card, when they were having a tight 1-1 game.
Jung-hyun Lee(Jeonju KCC) and Dae-sung Lee(Hyundai Mobis) have been selected as the first regular league MVP and the Championship game Most Valuable Player(MVP) respectively, each proving to be the best talented player in Korea.
Since the past 1st,2nd ranks(Ji-won Woo 70 points, Kyeung-eun Moon 66 points) were not free from the controversy that they were supporting each other for their personal title competition, Seon-hyeong Kim's record was more meaningful.
There will no longer be a requirement that players who have played in more than 10 games in the NBA in the past 3 seasons can not be recruited.
Accordingly, the club is now in a position to focus more on selecting foreign athletes for next season, and there is a growing trend for domestic players to work hard to maintain/improve their league performance levels.
In this season, KBL held a 'league referee judgment and competition rule briefing' for the media, and also held a 'Voice for KBL' event to listen to the opinions of their fans.
KBL, who has been showing a closed minded attitude until last season, took an open position in line with their season slogan 'Wide Open, KBL'.
In addition, they plan to use various mass media to promote boat trips, and to provide convenience for tourists by producing publicity materials and leaflets about Jeju waterway.
Jeju Waterway is operating 9 passenger vessels through 4 shipping companies, including Seaworld Express Ferry. There are 7 routes including Wando, Mokpo, Yeosu, Goheung and Busan.
Meanwhile, 3.4% of Jeju tourists used the waterway as of last year, which was 8.5% more than the previous year.
It is their plan to attract active investors in the metropolitan area using Jeonnam's distinctive charm, by highlighting the fact that the place is an attractive tourism development candidate combined with relaxation and leisure in a beautiful natural environment.
The exported dried laver from Goheung has been processed in clean sea, and it is being used as snacks or powders in China.
The New Sonata Gasoline 2.0 model has a maximum output of 160 horsepower and a maximum torque of 20 kgm. Its torque is the same as Sonata Newrise(maximum output 163 hp, maximum torque 20 kgm), but its output is rather low.
The New Sonata is priced from 23.46 million won to 32.89 million won based on the Gasoline 2.0 model, which is higher than the previous model Sonata New Rise. The markup was from 1.3 million won to 3.7 million won per trim.
The share price has fallen as we foresee these movements, and the 4 major financial holdings are experiencing a double torture of the business showings and share price declines.
According to the revenue forecast of Woongjin/EBest/Yuanta Securities, Woori Financial Group's net profit consensus is 548 billion won, which is 7.8% down from Woori Bank's 1st quarter results.
When comparing the stock price of the end of March last year with the end of March this year, the stock price fell in the order of KB Financial Group(-31.05%), Hana Financial Group(-20.44%), Shinhan Financial Group(-8.10%) and Woori Financial Group(-6.14% compared to Woori Bank).
Employees of Kiwoom Securities, an online brokerage firm with a large portion of brokerage commissions, also received rewards surpassing those of CEOs, as its IB earnings surged last year.
CEO Young-chae Jeong has been serving as a representative of the IB division for 14 year. Before, he had served as officer in charge of IB division in Daewoo Securities in the 2000s and moved to NH Investment & Securities(formerly Woori Investment & Securities) in 2005.
Korea Investment & Securities also set up a 30 billion won loan financing business by purchasing, managing, and leasing SK Myeongdong Building located in Myeongdong, Jung-gu, Seoul, through SPC.
The corresponding channel apologized for sending a wrong graphic of Mrs. Jung-sook Kim as 'Mrs. Jong-un Kim' in 'Woon-ki Baek's News Wide' on the 11th of last month.
Pre-registration of Nanakage, scheduled to be available through Mobicast Games(CEO: Sugino Norikazu) in Japan, will be held from 3 p.m. on this day until the opening of the game(end of May), and compensation will be given according to the number of pre-registrants.
In addition to simultaneously showing the current values of the won conversion of overseas stocks invested by the investors themselves, it also supports domestic and foreign stocks to be bought and sold right from the seat.
When trading Korean, American, Chinese A, Hong Kong, and Japanese stocks, they can check the current price and foreign currency of the stock, and the current value of the won conversion at the same time.
It is an advantage that major stocks of the US stock market, such as Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Netflix, can be traded on a 0.01-week basis.
Shinhan Financial Investment Co., Ltd. is also holding an event to present 5,000 won shares of overseas stock exchange tickets to 1,000 customers who have traded more than 100,000 won on the application 'Global investment trip' menu for the first time.
South Korea and Russia open their fisheries committees annually to discuss the availability of seafood and operating conditions in the Russian Exclusive Economic Zone(EEZ).
Yelich, who has had 11 home runs before this game, showed off his talent from the second batter's box in the bottom of the 3rd inning.
Yelich made a solo homerun(12th) with a left-handed fence by punching down the low-changeup by Hyun-jin Ryu, even when he was pitched in a 1-ball-2 strike.
Yelich, who had been surpassing Hyun-jin Ryu with 2 hits in 4 at-bats in last year's postseason, also hit 2 homeruns this day. It is said that he might be another 'enemy' followed by Paul Gold Schmidt(St. Louis) and Nolan Arenado(Colorado Rockies) .
In this day's San Francisco Giants game, he is likely to compete against Jeong-ho Kang, a friend of his, who has hit his 3rd homerun in 3 games.
On the 19th of last month, Starbucks Coffee Korea held a contest with disabled barista, family, and fellow partners at the headquarters support center in Jung-gu, Seoul.
From this contest's participants with superior grades, S-OIL will select the participants for Turkey Istanbul Marathon's 'Overseas Marathon for the Disabled', which will be held on November 3rd of this year.
S-OIL has been continuously sponsoring the disabled marathon event since 2006 in order to encourage the challenge spirit of people with disabilities, to promote rehabilitation, and to help the vitalization of rehabilitation sports.
Employees and academy students of Jeju International Foreign Relations Headquarters visited Hallasan on the 20th for the spring cleaning.
Last year, Jeju Air held 'Jeju Environmental Competition', composed of 1st students of Jeju Air Academy who are Jeju University seniors, in order to publicize the seriousness of marine litter problem and to make clean Jeju.
The city delivers notice through text messages, the atmospheric environment information homepage, and the air pollution display board, and also provides citizen action tips.
The scope of the study ranges from the paintings of Goguryeo, Scholar's Accoutrements and Minhwa of Chosun Dynasty, Critical fictions of modernist writers In-seong Lee, Hye-seok Na, and Quede Lee, to Korean contemporary art, having a wide spectrum.
#개치네쒜#, a word with a subtle nuance and that is not commonly used, has suddenly become an issue since there was a question in a recently broadcasted KBS2 entertainment program 'Problem Child in House' asking for its definition.
There are some more, including #어뜨무러차#, a sound used when lifting a child or a heavy object, #익힝#, a sound used when lifting a heavy load or when you are sick, and #얄라차#, a sound used when you wonder what something is.
It is consisted of 5 corporations including K-POP, KPOP Holdings, KPOP Media, KPOP, and KPOP Supporters. They are preparing to hold 'K-POP World Festival' this coming November 7~11th, aiming to recruit 100 million supporters from all around the world.
Feeling personality differences and being treated unjustly shows that the marital relationship has been transformed into a power relationship, rather than an equal love relationship.
Kommersant quoted 2 sources and announced that Chairman Kim will cross the border on the 24th after spending a night in a special train on the 23rd in the border city of Rason.
According to the Kommersant report, President Putin will leave the country on the same day to attend a Belt and Road Initiative summit in Beijing, China, after his meeting with Chairman Kim.
Associated Press announced on the 23rd that police in Sri Lanka said that the death toll from a series of bombings that happened on the 21st of last month(local time) increased to 310.
Most of the missing people are believed to be buried in the wreckage of a supermarket that collapsed at Condralito de la Cruz market in Pampanga, northwest of Manila.
Chapman is the highest ever average pitcher in the league since 2008 when the pitch tracking system was introduced to MLB.
During the trip, a suspicious dialogue of suspected female sexual assaults and a suspicious video of illegal filming were uploaded on the Kakaotalk group chat room.
Jeju National University and the National Security Technology Institute have signed a business agreement that promises education, training and mutual exchange cooperation in cyber security for the cultivation of national security personnel.
Jeju National University is the cyber security professional manpower organization that will lead the information security industrialization of Jeju region. It established the cooperative course(Masters) in General Graduate School of Convergence Information Security last year to cultivate cyber security experts, and operates cyber security personnel training center.
Last year, Jeju National University Cyber ​​Security Talent Education Center has conducted a variety of future cyber security technology education for about 1000 people including elementary, middle, high school students and general public, in cooperation with Jeju Free International City Development Center and Jeju Island Development Corporation.
Due to the worldwide decrease in solid-state drive(SSD) replacement demand, semiconductor exports last month fell 16.9% compared to the previous year.
In addition to the memory semiconductor, which is now the global leader, non-memory semiconductor is at the forefront, aiming to become the world's No. 1 semiconductor corporation.
The investment plan is said to include the enhancement of competitiveness such as research and development, human resource development, and coexistence with small and medium-sized companies.
According to the Workshop on Synchronization and Timing Systems(WSTS)'s predictions released in February this year, the worldwide semiconductor market amounted to 454.5 billion dollars(about 518 trillion won), of which memory semiconductor was only about 30%, with 135.5 billion dollars.
For the foundry business, various professional companies, such as semiconductor equipment, materials, design, packaging, and testings, should grow together. Thus, it has a great front-to-back association effect.
The so-called 'Kim Yong-gyun law' called for the amendment to prohibit the in-house subcontracting of hazardous and dangerous works, such as plating, mercury, lead, and cadmium smelting.
The revised enforcement bill also designated 22 places with a risk of falling/asphyxiation/fire/explosion/collapse, where the business owner has to take industrial responsibility even if he is outside his own workplace.
The amendment, including the enforcement ordinance, designated 9 occupations, including insurance planners, 27 construction machinery drivers, and tutoring teachers, as a scope of special workers according to the Industrial Accident Compensation Insurance Act.
The Sri Lankan government released the curfew at 6 a.m. on this day, but decided that the situation had not improved and returned the curfew from 8 p.m. to 4 a.m. on the morning on the 23rd, which is the following day.
Earlier, the police chief informed the domestic intelligence agency of the information from the foreign intelligence agency that NTJ was planning a suicide attack aimed at churches and others, but it was ignored.
Until last season, director Choi was the only one, but after the end of the season, director Chang was appointed, and director Seok was added this time.
It is because when they graduated, Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance recruited all of the best college athletes, and due to the other teams' opposition, they were not able to open the competition for a while.
Kyung-ju Choi finished 5th in the Corales Puntacana Championship which he attended last March, but he failed to enter the top 10 in the tournament afterwards.
He has experienced the pain of getting cut-offs in the first 3 consecutive tournaments this season, and he was tied 69th in the Valero Texas Open which ended on the 8th.
Kyung-ju Choi proved that he still has competitiveness by entering top 10 in this tournament, where 5 top-ranked athletes within the top 10 in the world ranking attended.
Jeonbuk Jeonju-si announced the development plan of Jeonju Stadium(126,960㎡) without any publicization process, and it has been receiving criticisms.
Civic groups, opposition parties, and small merchants are raising criticisms over the fact that Mayor Seung-soo Kim has cancelled his own pledge.
On the 22nd, Chungnam Province held a committee ceremony for the 'Bongryeong Air Combat Cooperation Council near the Boryeong Air Force Shooting Area' to resolve conflicts around the Boryeong Air Force shooting range.
The committee, which was established for the arbitration of various disputes between the lease operator and the tenant in the local public rental apartment, will be responsible for coordinating various housing related disputes such as enactment and revision of the management contracts, management expenses, housing management, increase and decrease of rent, and repair of defects.
According to Article 55 of the 「Special Act on Private Rental Housing」, the committee consists of professors, attorneys, housing managers, LH executives, and civic representatives, with Mayor of Gyeryong as a chairperson.
Following the commencement of the commission, the city expected that the controversy surrounding the recent relief settlement of residents of the Kyeryong Paradia Apartment could be resolved.
On the 22nd, Springtime picnickers, who visited Wansan park in Jeonju-si, Jeonbuk, are taking different poses to take pictures using the flowers in full bloom with double cherry blossoms and azaleas as a background.
In the center, real-time dashboards will alert 'warning' if the AI speaker, smart switch, and door open sensor has not been working for 48 hours.
For example, if an elder who speaks through an AI speaker is using a lot of negative words such as 'depression' or 'death', the result of the processing will be sent to the community center psychology counselor.
D.Share(representative Seung-won Hyun, pictured)'s Higher English education brand '3JEdu' is known for its function where students listen to English lectures online and visit the institute once a week to be tested the contents by a teacher in charge.
The UN Security Council Resolution on North Korea(2397), adopted in December 2017, obligated 'North Korean workers with income to return to North Korea within 24 months'.
Hwami Co., Ltd. is specialized in food materials with 36 years of HACCP certification. It produces, imports and distributes about 1,000 kinds of products.
Various works of artist Yang have been attracting great attention, since they have appeared in the exhibition 10 years after his 5th private exhibition in 2009.
This solo exhibition of artist Yang has a significant meaning as it is being held in 30 years since his first solo exhibition in 1989.
Governor of Primorsky Krai Oleg Kozhemyako and Minister of Far East Development Center Alexander Kozlov welcomed Chairman Kim, and received a bouquet, bread, and salt as welcoming gifts.
According to a report released by Primorsky Krai provincial government, a private train carrying Chairman Kim arrived at Khasan railway station at 10:30 a.m. local time.
Chairman of the Planning and Administration Committee of the Changwon City Council Tae-hwa Son explained that Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction and its affiliated companies, responsible for the regional economy in Changwon, are actively participating in the abolition of nuclear power plant policy, with a concern over the economic damage caused by the suspension of the construction of New Hanul No. 3 and 4.
On the 24th, Primorsky Krai government released a picture of Chairman Kim, who got off the special train from Pyongyang, which stopped at Khasan railway station, and greeted the welcoming crowd. He was talking with Alexander Kozlov, Minister of Russian Far East Development Center.
In this photo, Chairman Kim came down from the same special train, with a yellow line on the green background, from his visit to China and Vietnam.
Minister Kozlov, Deputy Foreign Minister Igor Morgulov, Ambassador to North Korea Alexander Matsegora, and Governor of Primorsky Krai Oleg Kozhemyako welcomed Chairman Kim.
This center, which is located in 24 places throughout Israel, offers a wide range of opportunities, including Hebrew education, job placement, and Israeli cultural education.
The residents expressed their concern that their participation in public hearings might lead to the promotion of the project, and adhered to a strong attitude that they would never accept the incinerator expansion.
This environmental impact assessment is being carried out to expand facilities to allow the company to handle the daily throughput of medical waste from 96t to 120t.
They plan to update 1 unreleased Hollywood movie, selected by the judging committee composed of experts including filmmakers and Youtubers, every week, with a total of 30 films by the end of this year.
Earlier, Disney and Apple announced its entry into the global OTT market, where Netflix is taking the lead, increasing the tension in the domestic media industry.
Daelim, the world's No. 1 motorcycle manufacturer, will be actively involved in standardization of electric motorcycle batteries, which are eco-friendly transportation modes, and charging infrastructure such as sharing stations.
The two companies agreed to establish an exclusive business alliance partnership, develop battery for electric motorcycle, and promote domestic battery sharing station business.
Including the 2 home runs Codie Bellinger and Kicke Hernandez of the Dodgers each had, the team had a total of 8 home runs by 6 hitters.
Earlier, the police received a result of appraisal from the National Forensic Service on the 19th that the wild fire occurred due to the 'arc sparks' caused by the fall of the pole-high voltage wire.
When the train entered the platform, the scene of two North Korean personnels rushing to wipe the gate, which Chairman Kim would use to exit, with a white towel, was released to the local media.
Immediately after arriving in Khasan railway station, Chairman Kim responded readily to a request for a surprise interview of a Russian national TV reporter who was in the scene.
If they cannot escape from the production structure that is affected by relatively small and recently declining memory semiconductors, they cannot lead the global market.
System semiconductors are the core of the non-memory sector, with more than 8,000 kinds of products, and the division of specialized companies such as design, manufacture, packaging, and testing is required.
Hyundai has pushed for the development of future-type automobiles centering on hydrogen-powered cars, while SK and Samsung BioLogics are expanding their bio-industry.
The government hopes to help large corporations find future food through unnecessary deregulation and policy support.
President Putin agreed with North Korea's step-by-step, simultaneous denuclearization and alleged sanctions on North Korea. It is expected that he will lead a joint battle against the 'big deal' demand of Donald Trump's US administration.

It is expected that President Putin will use this summit as an opportunity to boost Russian influence in the talks on the denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.
President Putin also responded in the 'Moscow Declaration', adopted together with Chairman Jong-il Kim in 2001, to support and understand North Korea's missile development and withdrawal of US forces.
It is expected that President Putin will urge for steps to mitigate the sanctions that correspond to the actions North Korea has taken so far, including the suspension of the nuclear testing along with missile launch, and the closure of Punggye-ri nuclear test site.
In addition, the baseball code also includes a ridiculous provision that prevents the athlete's school from receiving funding for the youth development for 5 years, when a player enters into a contract with a foreign club.
No matter how good a player is, it is not easy to get his old skills straight when playing in the domestic league after a 2-year vacancy period.
Thanks to robust sales of new models such as sports utility vehicles(SUV), the company's 1st quarter earnings of this year have improved, and it is expected that the annual performance, which hit the bottom last year, will quickly rebound.
According to Bank of Korea's 'GDP growth in the first quarter of 2019' announced on the 25th, it showed its GDP growth in the 1st quarter of this year.
The growth rate was 1.8% compared to the same period last year, which was also the lowest in 9 and a half years since the 3rd quarter of 2009(0.9%).
The indie band busking performance will be held at 4 p.m. on May 4th, and the piano guitar ensemble performance will be held at 4 p.m. on May 6th at the special stage of Suamgol Park.
The city has built the Suamgol Observation Deck so that residents can enjoy the view of Cheongju more safely and comfortably.
According to the city, in this year's festival, they will be selling various kinds of food using lacquer as well as lacquer, freshly harvested in clean area around Daecheong Dam.
There is also a variety of food products such as bibimbap with lacquer, seasoned lacquer, vegetable pancakes, and fried dishes, as well as specialties market selling lacquer liquor, lacquer samgyetang, and lacquer water.
Lacquer crafts exhibition booths are set up for the forgotten traditional culture arts, and appliances such as lacquer rice boxes, lacquer eateries, lacquer cutting boards and lacquer soap are also displayed.
For the first time this year, there will be a healing cultural expedition that gives out prizes if you write a post on SNS after looking around the birthplaces of Ji-yong Jeong and Young-soo Yuk. Furthermore, there will be various events including Okchun lacquer show show show, traditional pumba performance, karaoke, and memorial 7080.
The Esther Prayer movement warned that MBC's #당신이 믿었던 페이크# broadcast on the 22nd should take its legal responsibility because it reported a malicious report that did not take facts into consideration.
The Church of Korea and the Esther Prayer Movement have been praying for the family, the next generation, and national security, and have been against anti-discrimination laws and abortion in order to create a safe and healthy society.
It is expected that this summit will cover a wide range of issues that have been raised after the 2nd round of the North-US summit, including North Korea's denuclearization and the North Korea-Russia economic cooperation.
At this meeting, in-depth discussions were held, including the report on the completion of the trans-railway construction project in the Middle East, the East-West Crossing Railway in the Middle East along with the extension of the preliminary feasibility study on Route 1, and the implementation of the 4th national railway network construction plan.
This project was launched in last May with the preliminary feasibility study of the Ministry of Land and Infrastructure. The Dangjin Seomun National Industrial Complex~Dukdok section, which is the starting point for the East-West Trans-railway, was selected as a preliminary feasibility study exemption project in January this year.
Here, Utah was knocked down by Houston with the team's major scorer Donovan Mitchell(12 points) having the worst slump, where he failed to have 18 out of 22 field goals.
Even though the team's actual ace Kevin Durant scored 45 points, Golden State's 3-point shooters Duo Stephen Curry(24 points) and Clay Thompson(22 points) did not show any powerful performances.
Starting from the coming 29th to the end of September, Ulsan city will be purchasing ecosystem disturbance creatures at Osan plaza of Taehwa River provincial park for 2 hours starting from 10:00 a.m. every Monday.
Celebrating the spawning season of the largemouth bass which is a foreign fish species, the city plans to install artificial spawning grounds in the sand layer around Taehwa River Samho Island. It also plans to remove eggs in the spawning ground by the end of June.
Starting with the drone soccer, which is popular among teenagers, the city supports a wide range of activities including after-school drone lectures at 14 elementary/middle schools.
This book donation was accomplished by the organic cooperation of Inha University, Osh National University, and the Korean Embassy in Kyrgyzstan, that has been continuing for about two months.
Despite the fact that the traffic conditions are poor due to the road construction work currently underway in Muuido, Incheon city and Jung-gu office decided to accept the demand of the residents and open the road temporarily on the 30th, considering the inconvenience of the residents living in the area.
In preparation for the temporary opening, Incheon city/the Economic Administration/Jung-gu Office/the Police Agency announced that they will set up a comprehensive road safety measure to secure the safety of tourists who visit the city with numerous on-site inspections and joint meetings to maximize traffic inconvenience, starting on the 30th.
Incheon city and Jung-gu office plans to expand the routes along with transit routes of town buses and intra-city buses that are currently in operation, so that there will be no inconvenience in using public transportation.
The company plans to secure 2,943 parking lots by the coming December 2020, but the inconvenience due to shortage of parking lot seems to be inevitable for a long time.
By coming June, the city plans to invest 200 million won to display road surface color guide lines and road signs in the same color at the intersections of 16 industrial sites, including Industrial Park Six streets, Hyochon Junction, Cheongju Bridge Intersection, and Bongjeong Intersection.
Earlier, a domestic media quoted a source and reported that Spokesman Kim arrived in Russia, but he has not been caught in the camera till now.
It was reported that Sri Lanka's government has received a warning from India on the 21st, just 2 hours before a series of bombings took place.
In its earlier interrogation of the Islamic State(IS) members, Indian information authority have detected their terrorist plan and sent it to Sri Lanka, but the Sri Lankan government ignored it.
The former South Chungcheong Gov. Ahn Hee-jeong’s close allies were caught posting abusive comments on Kim Ji-eun, the former secretary who described the ex-governor’s alleged sexual misconduct.
The former South Chungcheong Gov. Ahn Hee-jeong’s close allies insisted that ex-governor, Ahn and Kim were more like in a casual relationship on witness interrogation on the 11th of last month.
The special committee for Ahn Hee-jung’s sexual violence incident, organized by women’s organization, has been claiming that Kim has been re-victimized by psychological abuse (i.e. , disclosure of personal information, spread of malicious rumors and abusive comments) last April.
Choi Jung-eun limped off with a thigh injury while running the base in the match over Doosan Bears in Incheon on March 24. Then, Choi Jung-eun was at last excluded in the list of the first team on next day after getting diagnosed with muscle damage following the physical exam.
Following Choi Jung-eun, the four players with the lowest batting average are Hanhwa Ha (0.250), NC Scruggs (0.259), Samsung Kim Sangsoo (0.261) and SK Kim Dong-yeop (0.263).
Children and the elderly are exceptionally allowed to ride a bike on pedestrian roads (sidewalk). Under the circumstances which might be affected by road wear, anyone can ride a bicycle on pedestrian roads.
At 3:00, Typhoon Soulik, located approximately 430Km the south-southeast sea of Seogwipo Jeju, is approaching northwest.
Typhoon Soulik is expected to slam through the metropolitan areas and head to approximately 170 Km the north-northeast sea of Sokcho, Gangwon-do.
The late 2017 graduation ceremony of Chonbuk National University was held at the Samsum cultural center in Jeonbuk National University, Deokjin-gu, Jeonju-si, Jeonbuk, Korea on July 22. a graduate student is sharing his/her joy after getting tossed in the air.
The Colorado Rockies' Oh Seung-hwan (36) stepped onto the mound as the third pitcher in the top of the eighth inning with his team trailing 3-4 in a game against the San Diego Padres.
Oh Seung-hwan struck out his first opponent, Austin Hedges, with a 85.2 mile fastball on the 1B2S count.
Due to the impact of Typoon ' Soulik ', colossal rolling waves is swallowing a lighthouse standing at the port in Namwon 1-ri, Namwon-eup, Seogwipo-si, Jeju-do.
The Korean Women's Compound Archery Team shot a score of 2105 points beating Indian team with a total score of 2085 points in the ranking round of the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games at the Gelora Bung Karno (GBK) archery center in Jakarta, Indonesia on October 22.
KEB Hana Bank Employees are working in the dealing room in Jung-gu, Seoul center on the afternoon of the 22nd with the KOSPI closing at 2273.33, up 3.27 points or 0.14 percent from the previous trading day.
The KOSDAQ index fell 1.20 points or 0.15 percent to reach 785.95, and the Korean won-dollar exchange rate closed at 1118.90 won, down 0.50 won from the previous trading session.
Won Jeong Sik submitted the plan to lift 145kg in snatch (lifter raises the barbell directly from the ground to the overhead) and 180kg in clean & jerk (lifter raises to a stationary position above the head).
There is an urgent need to address safety issue of Go-Kart center, which is popular among tourists since anyone can take a cart for a spin without driver's license.
The Korea Consumer Agency reported on 21st that kart racing-related accidents are primarily caused by a lack of safety management after investigating 20 Go-Kart sites.
Go-Kart center is a land-based leisure and sports facility. It offers race tracks designed for a kart that equipped with four wheels, engine, and brakes on low-slung body made of steel frame. 
Among 20 Go-kart sites examined by The Korea Consumer Agency 19 sites (95.0%) exceeded the speed limit for a kart (30km per hour) and 18 sites (90.0%) were found with a poor quality of crash barriers for tracks.
Besides, safety belt that minimizes the impact of collision and rollover accident while driving a cart were not properly installed in 12 sites (60.0%), and 19 places (95.0%) were shown having serious safety hazards due to no safety cover on kart wheels.
In the last 15 years, (Name) had best results in all the major shooting tournaments not only in the Olympics but also the World Cup Finals, the World Championships and Asian Championships.
The Korean fencing team of this tournament makes best use of “medical time” (treatment time during game) for 5 minutes.
Jeon Hee-sook (34), who became a gold medalist in the women's fencing individual foil, requested “medical time” (request medical staffs for treatment) during the final, and Oh Sang-wook also called for “medical time” in the last minute semi-final at 14-14.
A representative delegation Han visited his alma mater in the previous day and provided the principal, Kim Yeong Gil with the fund (shown in the picture) commemorating the winner of the 73rd Cheongryanggi National Junior Baseball Championship and final rounds of the weekend league championship.
Jeju Environmental Impact Assessment Committee revealed on December 21 - it has decided to adjust the number of floors of the hotel upto four floors for the project and requested for reinvestigation of geographical topography survey on “JINJI” cave in the land reserved for replotting.
The project, which has been promoted by China's 'New Hae won Co., Ltd.' since 2013, has invested a total of 550 billion won to construct “New Ocean Town” including shops, exhibition hall, tourist hotels (652 rooms) and recreational condominium (205 units) that will be operating in the area of ​​191,950 square meters nestled in Songak Mountain area.
Shin Hae Won submitted the business program that builds two hotel buildings, recreational facilities (cultural centers, sculpture parks) and convenience facilities (local food stores, commercial facilities) to the provincial government by scaling back its business earlier last year.
Last May, the Environmental Impact Assessment Committee proposed the idea to reduce the height of 8-story hotel buildings to 4-story and review development planning of the commercial facilities and cultural center within the vicinity of conservation areas of Songak Mountain.
Scooters Support Business is a part of the 'Easy Move', a major social contribution project carried out by the Hyundai Automotive Group to promote improved transportation for the weak, the venerable and disabled people in our society.
Scooters Support Business has received good comments that offer the weaker not only convenience of public transport but also a solution for sense of isolation through communication and engagement in economic activities.
Scooters were previously provided to those who having the recommendation of Senior Welfare Center, but from this year, anyone aged 65 or over can apply in the website of the Korea Elderly Welfare Center.
Having not achieved satisfactory results in each individual competition, swords men and women in fencing team are ready to shake it off by winning a gold medal in the team competitions.
They are dreaming of returning the days of glory 4 years ago when Korea’s Fencing Women’s Sabre Team won the gold medal in Incheon competition for the first time ever.
The major projects include establishment of Safety Empirical Education Center, Disaster Prevention Town, Miho Topia where storks fly everywhere, Sa-jik Park in the neighborhood of Central Park, Cheongju Exhibition Center, Urban Agriculture Fair, Development of Child-friendly City, Infrastructure Expansion of 1 million Cultural Cities, Construction of UNESCO World Heritage Records Center, and Implementation of a New Deal for Urban Renaissance.
On the 19th of last month, the city appointed 32 people as members of Pledge Assessment Committee and developed the idea into enterprise through discussion progressed at least 2 to 3 times within each subcommittee.
It was Korea’s second gold in the wrestling match, following the Greco-Roman wrestler Ryu Han-su in the 67kg class (30, Samsung life).
According to the news of Typhoon Soulik moving northward, it is said that the damage of Typhoon is more intense on the right side of the storm than in the left side.
For example, if the rotation speed of the typhoon is 100 km /h and its speed of movement is 30 km / h, the right side of wind in the direction of the typhoon is as strong as 130 km / h, while the left side slightly weakens to a speed of 70 km / h.
It is not imperative to emphasize the necessity of national welfare pension system in that there is no country in the world where the national pension system is not implemented.
Even though each individual lays aside money for his or her age, only few private financial institutions can assuredly guarantee longevity risk in an uncertain situation whether people can live longer or not.
Mike Nelson, one of the best British installation artists, and Apichatpong Weerasethakul, an experimental filmmaker in Thailand, are both preparing for a work that captures the spirit of the May 18 Gwangju Democratic Movement.
Jeonnam International Suzuk Biennale (Oct 1st - 31st), which is held for the first time this year under the concept of Suzuk renaissance , will be opened at two venues - the Mokpo Culture and Arts Center in Mokpo, Jeonnam and Ullim Sanbang (Art) House in Jindo.
According to a long-term follow up study on National Rural Migration Settlement conducted by the Korea Rural Economic Institute last year, as a main reason that has caused conflicts, which make it hard to enjoy their rural lives, 29.7% of the 637 respondents (Multiple respondents) answered "the problem of human relationship in town" and 23.3% said the old custom of town.
It is expected for Korean team to get more gold medals in archery tournament on 27-28. Nevertheless, Japan’s performance in the rest of the matches including Athlete, Judo and Cycling having many medals presented will be key variables to decide Korea finishes second overall for the six consecutive years.
At 3:00 am, Typhoon Soulik is expected to head toward the west coast of Korea. Most of the areas will be prone to typhoon so that regions affected that typhoon warning alerts is issued is likely to be expanded throughout the country.
According to the website of Jeju International Airport Corporation, all flights have been canceled from the afternoon of July 22, and all departing and landing flights are displayed “canceled” on flight status information screen until 12:00 this day.
Typhoon Soulik is approaching to near the west coast area on 24th from Jeju Island, and there seems to be mass flight cancelations at the airport until 25th when the typhoon passes through the Korean Peninsula.
Total Home Care Beauty Brand DPC run by MESCO Co., Ltd. (CEO Seo Sung Sung) announced that it will undertake production support of MBC weekend special drama 'hide and seek' starring Yoo Ri Lee.
On 22nd, the tourists Park (23, female, Seoul) and Lee (31, Jeju) who took pictures around Jeongbang Waterfall in Topyeong-dong, Seogwipo-si at 7:19 pm were dragged out to sea by massive waves.
Highways and roads closures due to flooding, broken trees and traffic lights which are now difficult to fix are expected to amount to traffic chaos for commuters in the morning.
Trees have fallen down on the roads of Yeon Sam-ro Edo square and Jeju-do Election Commission, and also fallen trees in the middle of the 5.16 Road Forest Tunnel is blocking the roadways.
On July 23, Eonyang 119 Fire house (Director of Fire house, Seo Jeong Ha) announced that rescue team was sent out to remove beehives average seven times a day in August due to a heat warnings and tropical weather.
LG Twins Oh Ji Hwan and Samsung Lions Park Hae-min, who had already been controversial in the drafting of military service, is currently under fire by base ball fans.
It was prevalent that Manchester United’s sluggish progress on scouting in transfer window this summer and low performance expectation would have a negative influence on the stock price.
To make matters worse, rivals Manchester City, Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea, which fighting for the championship cup, were able to strengthen their teams immeasurably through recruitment.
Manchester United fans are hugely disappointed to see troubles going on between coach Jose Mourinho and two key players of the team - Paul Pogba and Anthony Marshall along with Alexis Sanchez’s serious slump.
Before Typhoon Soulik arrives, the tower will establish a plan for countermeasure against storms and flood damage composed of three stages. All employees of LOTTE PROPERTY & DEVELOPMENT, including 149 Emergency Response Teams, will be on call 24 hours a day to minimize storm damage.
At 9:00 am on the same day, Typhoon Soulik is expected to pass over approximately 90Km the east-southeast inland of Seoul and move away from approximately 50Km the east-southeast sea of Sokcho at 3:00 pm 
Oh Seung-hwan, recently kept shutout for twe consecutive days in San Diego match in the previous day, pitched his four consecutive games without allowing a run from LA Dodgers match on 12th.
Korea’s fencing squad is aiming at winning two gold medals on the day when Women's Foil Fencing Team and Men's Sabre Team competitions are held.
Hwang Ui Jo will be the late substitute to come on in since he played the entire game for the first time in all three preliminary matches every two or three days, no time for recovering his strength.
Lee Seung Woo has struggled to kickstart over the rival’s attack, but it failed to pay off.
One of the biggest strengths that 20 players have is that not only they all play in their own leagues, but also are familiar with one another.
South Korea is highly likely to fight against Uzbekistan, another favorite in the quarter-finals, even if Korea team defeats Iran, which has recorded for most wins in Asian Games (four times).
This temporary holiday is due to Tyhoon coming tomorrow morning, which will be expected to be the same hour as the time schools start. 
In the second group reunion which takes place on September 24-26, 83 people who applied for separated family reunions from the North, accompanyed by their families are supposed to meet 337 families in the South.
On June 23, students are going home after finishing classes that were shortened at Wansan Seo Elementary School in Panyang-gu, Jeon Ju, Jeonbuk Province which will be affected by Typhoon.
Now that one can look at the propaganda of one’s country from his or her convenient home, the football fever in Vietnam will be much more sky high.
The aim of this plan is to share the role and authority of cities·mayor with citizens, which enable them to plan and carry out works in a local community on their own.
This ordinance established on the basis of participation and proposal of citizens from the legislative drafting stage consists of a total of 4 chapters, 35 articles, and 3 provisions.
The main contents of the report are stipulated as follows: Citizens over the age of 16 can participate in the decision-making process on pending issues · policies, and a mayor is under obligation to take administrative and financial measures on matters determined in the general meeting of residents.
Besides, in case there is an important policy project, more than 300 citizens will be able to demand discussions by contersignature.
Typhoon Soulik is likely to change its direction from Mokpo, Jeollanam-do off the coast to Northeast in this evening and land on the Korean peninsula from Gunsan, Jeollabuk-do around midnight.
Typhoon Soulik was forecasted to arrive near Boryeong, Chungcheongnam-do in the previous day. However, as the typhoon moves slowly than expected, it was changed to Gunsan in Jeollabuk-do and again to Yeonggwang-gun, Jeollanam-do this afternoon
Nutricia, ranked No.1 brand among infant and toddler nutrition products in Europe, will start selling Nutri-cereal bar 'Nutri-Mam' in the middle of September by presenting its new product for lactating women at the 34th 'BEPE Baby Fair' held at COEX center from 23rd to 26th. .
This product contains a recommended daily intake of vitamin D essential for calcium absorption and is released with cranberry and chocolate flavors.
This is made based upon ‘The First 1000 days of life’ (from pregnancy to two years), the core values of the Nutricia.
Russian vessels which have been solely subjected to the sanctions have entered Korean waters several times this year, and one of them has now been docked in Busan Port.
Six Russian flagged vessels are subjected to the sanctions: Maritime Logistics of Vladivostok in Russia, Gudzon Shipping and the Russian merchant ship Patriot associated with these two companies, Bella, Neptune, Bogatyr, Partizan and Sevastopol.
Since sanctions were imposed on these ships not by U.N. Security Council, nor by South Korea, nothing will be seized unless they have a clear evidence of illegal acts.
Lee Ju Mi, who took the lead early on in the race on this day, played a role of helping boost her team against their opponent.
It is highly anticipated that Korea, even if it defeats Iran, will face off Uzbekistan in the quarter-finals, and Vietnam in the semifinals under the lead of head coach Park Hang Seo. Though there is a rocky road ahead for Korea in the qualifying match, it has to beat out Iran, one of the best sides, than any other rivals.
At 6:30 pm on the same day, the Korean women's volleyball team will play with world No. 1 China in Group B at the Gelora Bung Karno (GBK) volleyball indoor in Jakarta.
South Korea trounced China 3-0 in the volleyball nations league held in Korea in May, but Zhu Ting, who earned the title of most valuable player (MVP) in the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympic did not play at that moment.
If Yeo Seo Jeong wins a gold medal this time, she will be newly titled as ‘father-daughter gold medalist’ in the same vault event with her father, who won two consecutive Asiad titles in the men's vault in Hiroshima in 1994 Hiroshima and in Bangkok Asian Games in 1998.
A total of 41 people were recommended by the court for 10 days from 3rd, 20 of whom that agreed to the assessment will be the main target to gauge opinions.
On 23rd (korea time), Yeo Seo Jeong won a gold medal in 2018 Jakarta · Palembang Asian Games Women's Gymnastics Final at the International Expo Hall in Jakarta, Indonesia.
On afternoon, 23rd - Yeo Seo Jeong is showing a new move in of the Women's Gymnastics Final at the International Expo(JIExpo) in Jakarta, Indonesia.
On 23rd, Yeo Seo Jeong won a gold medal in the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games Women's Gymnastics Final in International Expo(JIExpo) in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Jecheon City announced on 22nd – The city is leading in applying work-life balance workplace culture which refers to ‘Work hard, Rest hard’ in line with the implementation of the government's 52-hour workweek system.
The city has selected ten tasks of work-life balance workplace culture and aggressively practiced them for the implementation of the well-established and trusted the seventh local government.
In addition, it is planning to create the organizational culture of work-life balance in public sector by establishing a family-friendly environment through staff dinner etiquette, a nine-to-five-work, flexible working system.
South Korean cyclist Na Ah-reum (28) finished the 104.4-kilometer race in 2:55.47  in the women's road event.
In the match, O Kang-chol captured a gold medal with a 336 kg total (151kg snatch/185kg clean and jerk) after beating Doston Yokubov of Uzbekistan (a 331kg total).
'Kim Hak Bum’s team', inspired by two key players’ goals - Hwang Ui-jo(Gamba Osaka) and Lee Seung-woo(Hellas Verona), aims at securing the second straight win in Asian Game. The team finally stepped into the quarterfinals, defeating Iran.
South Korea is ready to compete with Uzbekistan in the quarter-final battle for securing a ticket to semifinals at Patriot Chandra Barga stadium at 6:00 pm on October 27.
Iranian player Delphi's left-footed shot fired to the cross bar was a threatening moment when South Korea Goalkeeper Jo Hyeon-woo was not able to punch it away.
Hwang In Beom’s exquisite pass, when he fell down in the left side of penalty areas, led to a great chance that Hwang Ui Jo scored a goal in one-on-one match with the goalkeeper.
In the 9 minute of the second half, Lee Seung Woo stole a ball off in the penalty area, dribbled past two Iranian defenders and fired his powerful right-footed shot on goal.
In the Bible, the storm symbolizes the wrath of God, scathing judgments, storm-like military invasions, sudden disaster and destruction.
There are hundreds of unfortunate cases that parents’ inappropriate disciplinary measures result in creating a false self image leaving deep wounds in hearts.
The author specializing in personality training introduces how to begin the discipline in various circumstances and what kinds of disciplinary technique should be applied in various circumstances.
Iranian Christian news media 'Mohabat News' recently reported that 12 converts to Christianity, including Pian karman, were sentenced to one year in jail.
The Open Doors Missionary Union helping persecuted Christians around the world has put Iran on the top 10 ranked for 2018 World Christian Persecutions.
This film based on a true story covered the story of Singh Phogat, a man who failed to become a wrestler against his father’s wishes and who raised his two daughters to become India's world-class female wrestlers against social odds on women's social advancement in conservative Indian society.
This morning Typhoon slightly slowed down after arriving near Jeju Island, drenching all over the place.
It is expected to Typhoon passes through Daejeon at 6:00 am, and Danyang at 9:00 am and moves further away, passing between Gangneung and the East Sea at around 11:00 am.
It is necessary to minimize the damage by focusing on ever-changing typhoon directions and its strength.
At 4:00, Tyhpoon is moving northeast at a speed of about 31 km per hour from 30 km south of Chonbuk, Jeonju.
In fact, there was a case where a necklace-type ectoparasites prevention treatment sold at a US online web site, also frequently used by domestic residents, was turned out to be a counterfeit product.
It is traveling to the northeast at 32 kilometers an hour and by 3 pm, it will slip away to approximately 240 km southeast sea of Wonsan. Korea will gradually get out of typhoon’s influence.
On July 24, Ulsan City announced that Typhoon Soulik barreling toward north brought strong rain shower and winds, but there were no damage report directly caused by typhoon.
According to the Ulsan Meteorological Bureau, it rained with relatively little precipitation of 3.4㎜ in Ulsan until 5am this morning and 21.5㎜ of rainfall was recorded in mountainous areas of Dudong-myeon, Ulju-gun.
Tyhphoon Soulik’s force has diminished as it landed on peninsula inland. Typhoon damage seems to be not worse than expected.
On 24th, Cheongju City, Chungbuk Province announced that it will hold 2018 Cheongju Eupseong Big Festival to commemorate the 426th anniversary of Cheongju Castle reclamation in the Central Park and Seongan Gil for two days from September 1 to 2.
According to the city, Cheongju Eupseong Big Festival is held in commemoration of the return of Cheongju Castle, fallen by the Japanese navy in 1592 Japanese invasion, with the help of loyal troops and monk soldiers.
The festival starts with Seung Seung Jang Gu parade in the first day, followed by Castle Reclamation Performance, Citizens’ tug-of-war, Giving a feast, and Planned Performance(awakening Eupseong).
There are also many other events such as Citizen Arts Festival, Judicial Festival, Children's Drawing Contest, Cheongju Ssireum Wrestling Contest, Madangnori, Traditional Wedding Ceremony, Eupseong Concert, Cultural Experience Booth, Street Performance, 7080 Show Show Show and Memorial Events of Loyal Troops and Monk Soldiers
Due to Cheongju Eupseong Big Festival’s must-see Seung Seung Jang Gu citizen parade, traffic controls will be in operation on areas including Sajik crossroads, Sangdang crossroads, old Namgung hospital crossroads, provincial government building crossroads for 2 hours from 3:20 pm on September 1.
On 23rd (Korea time), in the round of the 16th against Iran, South Korea Asian Game football team with Ace Son Heung min, won the game 2-0 as Hwang Ui Jo scored his first goal, and again Lee Seung Woo scored the winning goal.
As whistle blew, South Korea, which was humiliated in the previous games, started to run furiously.
In the first 16 minute, Iran's 18-year-old youngest striker, Uesn Delphy, fired an aggressive left-footed shot to the crossbar.
Lee Seung Woo, who had not been in good condition because of a bad cold until recently, showed a good goal-scoring form as soon as he was back in the starting lineup.
Hwang Ui Jo scored his first goal in the first 40 minute, and again Lee Seung Woo scored the winning goal, which secured South Korea’s 2-0 win.
Song, the vice mayor of Ministry of Finance and Economy, was recruited from outsourcing for Population growth, Advancement of industrial complex based on the fourth industrial revolution, A quality of transportation infrastructure, and Renewal of people-oriented urban system by creating employment in Ulsan city.
A vice mayor of Ministry of Finance and Economy Song is an expert with a bachelor of the Department of Public Administration, a master of urban planning and a Ph.D. in Logistics Systems Engineering from University. He had served as the Director of Transportation and Construction at Ulsan City from 2008 to 2015 and as the Head of Ulsan Development Institute Public Investment Center from 2015 to 2017.
Ulsan City named Kim Ji Tae, a manager of Sewerage Maintenance, as successor to Shin Dong-gil, the head of the Administrative Support Department, who early retired and named Jeong Bok Geum, a former chairperson in Bukgu Assembly as an executive in Women’s Welfare.
The city requested incentive reform research service for promoting investment last January and is planning to hold a final briefing the Ulsan Development Institute in January for the 'Research on Incentives for Revitalization at the end of August.
The main contents of discussion including the support of incentives on industry on which Ulsan city focuses, the cash support for attracting corporations in newly growing industrial sectors, and the development of industrial complexes have been reviewed.
Iran, getting Korea bogged down every Asian Game, was never pushover even though most of them are young players.
On March 24, POSCO E & C revealed that it signed a contract with Vietnam Longsong Petrochemical (LSP), a investment corporation of Thailand Siam Cement Group (SCG), to construct a plant for Vietnam's Lonsong petrochemical complex worth 81.2 billion won on 17th.
This January, POSCO E & C will carry out three projects at once through receiving an order for the construction of the first petrochemical complex in Vietnam (petrochemical product storage tank installation, shipping piers) worth 750 billion won along with site construction.
This January, POSCO E & C will carry out three projects at once through receiving an order for the construction of the first petrochemical complex in Vietnam (petrochemical product storage tank installation, shipping piers) worth 750 billion won along with site construction.
It is time to reflect on the rudeness of KBO takes granted to send their best players in a professional baseball league to Asian games for amateur players and suspend regular season.
The roof of Jeju Cheil High School was torn off, and tempered glass installed in cafeteria of Pho Sun middle school food room was all broken. 17 schools in Jeju-do were severely damaged by flooding.
Roads and street lamps collapsed in Gwangju and Jeonnam areas under typhoon’s influences. Besides, boats and ships for fishing farm were being floated by strong winds.
Hanwha Chemical permitted that female workers caring children and during pregnancy are able to continue working at home on the day and 24th. Naver Labs shortened working hours in the day and designated the next day as a temporary holiday.
Inoue's is recorded the fourth rank of all games, and when Japan gains victory in the Men's Marathon, it could make it to the top in 32 years after the 1986 Seoul Asian Games.
China team’s Xie Zhenye (9.97 seconds) and Japan's national team captain Ryota Yamagata (10.00 seconds) will face competition with China’s Su Bingtian.
On 23rd, one day before the second reunion of the separated family, as Mrs. Kang Jeong-ok (at age 100), who is the oldest among families separated by war, applies for reunion in the Hanhwa resort in Sokcho, Gangwon-do, her younger sister, Sunyu, is wiping away tears right behind her.
This route under to the core areas of ​​the Nakdonggang river has been considered as a good place to receive consents from Environmental office in that artificial development such as the construction of the Gangwolsa resting place has been accomplished.
Lee Min Ah scored the first goal in the women's soccer quarter-finals match against Hong Kong at the Gelora Sriwijaya Stadium in Indonesia.
Depending against to offensive opponent team's, took the lead in the game, Lee Min-ah calmly tapped the ball into the net in one-on-one match with a goal-keeper in the 37 minute of the second half in the 4-0 win.
Lee Min Ah played a crucial role in actively joining the attack and playing more relaxed throughout the game.
Acts of injustice between the beneficiary and the subcontractor include placing a burden on the subcontractor for the cost of handling various complaints when subcontracts are signed, and paying the subcontractor in an inappropriate manner.
Yeo Seo Jeong has been titled as ‘father-daughter gold medalist’ with her father who achieved his second consecutive victory in 1994 Hiroshima and in 1998 Bangkok Asian.
In the last minute of the match, they played a seesawing game with India's Shardul Vihan, but eventually won the game by one point at 72-73.
Jang Hye Jin, the world's No. 1 female archery player, has struggled in the quarter-finals of the Archery Women's Curve Championship held at the Gelora Bung Karno (GBK) archery center in Jakarta, Indonesia.
Kang Bo-rara was defeated 8-27 against Thailand's Pani Park Inon-patanakit , ranked No.1 in world rankings, In the women's Taekwondo 49kg quarter-finals held in the morning.
Having finished second with two wins and one defeat against Barein, South Korea could make it to the semi-finals.
On 24th, Lee Duk-hee finished second 1-0 (3-6 6-3 5-7) against Wu Yibing, No. 317 in world rankings, in the men's semifinals at the Palembang Jakabaring Sports City Tennis Center in Indonesia. 
Lee Deuk Hee became a Korean medalist in the Asian Games tennis men's singles in 12 years after Lee Hyung-taek won the silver medal in the 2006 Doha Asian Games.
Federer also had a knee surgery experience, but it's hard to compare him to Woods, who has undergone several surgeries over his back and knees.
Woods began official US PGA Tour in 1996 while Federer, six years younger than Woods, started the 1998 ATP tour of the men's professional tennis team, two years later than Woods.
Therefore, there has been a debate about 'who will win more in the majors' and 'who’s record is more worthy.
Woods has struggled to score over 14 wins at a major. In the mean time, Federer has had 20-time major wins, and his prize has gone beyond Woods’ last November. 
Though it is not comparable with Olympic fever, national players’ fighting spirit for the honor of individuals and a country does not differ much from Olympic.
Winning a gold medal in the Asian Games baseball is sure to be in the bag, so those who has not finished military service are desperate to be eligible for national team.
There is still some doubt about whether or not Son Heung-min agreed upon transfer to Asian Game National Team instead of transferring to England Premier League if he had been gifted military exemption earlier.
Nam Hyun-hee's sword attack, starting from a lower position, headed straight to the right side, susceptible to attack as a right handed person’s arm is extended.
A police officer started investigation to identify the body, thought to be in his 40s, near the Ulsan coast that Typhoon Soulik passed through.
When maritime police found the body, no items were found to identify the dead body. The exact cause of death and identification of body are being investigated.
South Korea missed the first game due to the Korean war, but after becoming a member of General Association of Asia Sports Federations during Helsinki Olympic Games on July 24, 1952, it has been participating in the game.
Professional players are allowed to take part in some events for public entertainment, but participation of amateur athletes is in effect a basic rule in Asian Games and Olympics.
College baseball players such as Moon Dong-hwan, Lim Sun-soon, Cho Sung-min, Son Min Han have showed leap-and-bound performances in professional leagues.
It is a 180-degree turn, which is different from when he, as a full-time head coach of the baseball team, deployed young players in the Asian Baseball Championship (APBC), an international competition that was held for the first time last year.
The selection of athletes in Olympic and Asian games and its team management are externally controlled by an amateur baseball organization, but KBO, which is financially supporting the organization, has substantial authority and responsibility.
Adding one college baseball player, other than them, to a team is unlikely to get them into troubles in winning a gold medal.
Adding one college baseball player, other than them, to a team is unlikely to get them into troubles in winning a gold medal.
Although South Korea's Fencing Women's Epee failed to win a gold medal in extra time, but could not leave the scene.
After finishing the preliminaries, I felt I let go all my energy. Though this is not what I wanted, but I finished it more comfortably. He told me that I have to focus hard during warm up and distribute power during race.
Texas Rangers, which made two outs by walks of Ronald Guzman and hitting streaks of Jurikson Profar and Carlos Tocci, led a 7-6 win while Robinson Chirinos does not allow walks.
On 25th (Korea time), women's canoe team had a record of 56. 851 seconds in the 200m finals of the women's canoe event held at JSC Lake in Jakarta Palembang.
Kim, Ja In and Sasol finished first and second for the preliminary round in the women's national squad, increasing the possibility of winning a medal.
Having finished second in the preliminary round, Sa Sol, who ranked the sixth in Speed, the top in Bouldering, and the third in Lead, could make it to the finals.
The highlight of this game was two-handed alley-oop dunks by Park In Tae, who jumped off catching a ball from Yang Hong-Suk outside of 2-point line.
Anyone can predict the scenario that as the former coach early mentioned, the team will wage all-out war against Taiwan.
Warning on downpours accompanied by thunderstorms and lightning was kssued in the eastern part of Jeonnam, including Suncheon and Gurye.
At 7:30 pm, On 25th - a fire broke out in the Woo-do fishing boat ship - D(2.97 tons, one passenger) on the sea, 1.3 km south-east off the Seongsan port, Seogwipo city.
As the water level in Yongchon increases with the total rainfall of 258㎜ from the dawn to now in this area, 50 residents of 40 households of the town were evacuated to nearby Juam middle school and the drainage work was carried out by using equipment water pump.
On 26th (Korea Time) Oh Seung-hwan stepped onto the mound as the third pitcher in the ninth inning with the record to 8-1 in the home game against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Oh Seung Hwan, who met a closer Tyler O'Neill, threw a cut fastball, striking out with a 92.8-mile-per-hour(about 149.3km) four-seam fastball on the 1B2S count.
On 26th, it has confirmed that Cheong Wa Dae assigned senior executives Jung Han-mo, who spoke coercive remarks to public officials, to obscure posts.
More than 1,000 rhinos have been pouched so far in South Africa last year due to reckless poaching. Only around 25,000 rhinos remain in the wild in Africa.
The Chicago White Sox lost 3-1 in the day, but Sister Mary’s first pitch became famous and was uploaded on MLB official YouTube.
After 430 years of enslavement, Israelites left Egypt following Moses, but journey to Canaan was long and arduous.
The Bible tells about the manna that 'when the fog has been lifted in the morning, it was covered with something like a frost on the ground,' and 'it was as white as coriander seeds and it tastes like honeyed biscuit.'
It is said that when children were sick or unwell the agent used the dried plant as a remedy commonly used at home.
Sung Ki-ra became a historic 1st gold medalist in ju-jitsu, which has been adopted as an official sport, at Asian Game.
On 24th, South Korea, beating India in the preliminary round, lost 16-26 to Iran in the final.
As China's best player Wu Shuijiao, who achieved the best performance in Asia this year, did not participate in this competion, Jeong Hye-rim was given a better chance of winning a gold medal.
Each element emitting the energy in the form of light shows a clear color, a longer life span than any other products, and higher efficiency compared to its power consumption.
In the women’s recurve event, South Korea archery player Jang Hye-jin, who ranked first in the world, was defeated by Indonesian player and Kang Chae Young also failed to for the final against Chinese player.
On 27th, Oh Jin-hyuk, Kim Woo-jin and Lee Woo-suk in men's archery team will play the game against Taiwan to win a gold medal in the recurve team final.
South Korea is eager to get revenge for defeat in the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) U-23 (under 23 years old) championship defeat in January last year by deploying an offensive formation.
At 6:00 pm (Korea time), June 27, South Korea and Uzbekistan national soccer team will face off in the 2018 Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games men's soccer quarter-final with Uzbekistan at the Patriot Stadium in Jakarta, Indonesia.
At the match with Iran, all the concerns about goal scoring was taken away by Hwang Ui Jo and Lee Seung Woo’s two straight goals.
According to a result of research in Sensor Tower in Market Research Institute, app users have spent a total of $ 34.4 billion on Apple’s App Store and Google Play in the first half of 2018.
There has been a civic complaint fired regarding parking scrarcity In Yong Ho-dong, a collective housing area consisting of large-scale apartments and houses.
This member of the organization confessed that he educated Zahran Hashim, a leader of National Thowheeth Jama'ath(NTJ) who was pointed out as a mastermind of a series of terrorist bombings in Sri Langka and made it advance rapidly in an ideological way.
It was all that the chief of National Policy Agency in Sri Langka wrote a document of being careful of suicide bombing, saying he received a warning from foreign intelligence agency on last 11th.
It was a statement refusing the report of Wall Street Journal, which stated that the Sri Langka government received a warning from the United States that there would be a possibility of having a terror.
Jung Min Lee placed her name on the top of leader board by having a 'no bogey play' in which she only had 5 buddies without any bogey even in a bad weather condition with rain.
Jeong Eun Lee(23), who showed up in the Korean field 5 months after playing in Ladies Professional Golf Association(LPGA) Tour in this season, has placed her name on 4th with a score of 3-under 69, still showing her strength.
It has been known that President Putin will arrive at Vladivostok on 25th, the day of summit, after participating in domestic event held in Saint Petersburg located in the west of Russia. 
Earlier, the private train in which Mr. Kim was arrived at Hasan Station in Maritime Province at around 10:30 a.m on this day by crossing the Tumen River railroad bridge which is the boarder bewteen North Korea and Russia.
Alexandr Kozlov of Minister of Russia far East/North Pole development, Oleg Kozhemyako of Governor of Maritime Province, and Igor Morgulove of Vice-minister of Foreign Affairs came to the front of the train and greeted Mr. Kim. 
According to Gartner, a leading research and advisory company, out of the world's top 50 fabless companies, there is only one Korean company included that there is currently a lack of design capability in system semiconductor.  
For Pyeongtaek line 2 which has been built from last year, as EUV line is being installed, it can be used as a foundry (consignment production) line depeding on a market condition.   
Even now non-memory is of great importance in the whole semiconductor market, but it's because it's expected that there will be a much bigger market open from now on.
Even TSMC, which takes the 1st position in the indsutry, is betting its life and death in a technology competition that it decided to invest 25 billion won into processing 5 nano last year.
It is contended that it is necessary to have careful administration/supervision over learning research year system, which is to improve professional abilities of current teachers, since it has been running poorly. 
According Jeonbuk Education Solidarity, Jeonbuk Office of Education has chosen 60 teachers of kinderarten/elementary/middle/high school this year and made them to receive consigned training at a policy research institution and 4-year university starting, from the 1st of last month.
Learning research year system is a policy to improve the professionalism and settle down the learning culture in academic profession by selecting teachers who have more than 10 years of education career and make them research for 1 year.
The story is about that thereupon, the one made a call to Icheon City Hall, asking 'If seminconductor can become a local special product', and as the story of one's father who was giving out leaflets, had been known in the whole world through SNS, one's dream had been come true.
Earlier, SK Hynix has had more than 70 million hits in the country and more than 1 million hits abroad, with 3 advertisements on personification of semiconductor last year.
Jeong Eun Lee, who has been playing in the U.S. stage starting from this season by passing Ladies Professional Golf Assocation(LPGA) Tour Qualifying School as the 1st place last year, found this place in order to participate in CreaS F&C KLPGA Championship, which is the first major competition of the season in Korea Ladies Prefessional Golf Association(KLPGA) Tour, holding from 25th for four days.
It is likely for a Korean LPGA player to receive Rookie of the Year award for 5 consecutive years since the ranking point for Rookie of the Year award has a big lead with 348 points over Kristine Gillman(U.S./201 points) and Charlotte Thomas(England/157 points). 
In a phone interview with Kukmin Daily News on 25th, Yoo Shin Lee, the professor of Department of Political Science and Diplomacy at Yeungnam University, interpreted the behavior of President Putin as a diplomatic performance, being mindful of Donald Trump of the President of the United States.
The business world plans to wage an all-out war until the end since it will have a significant change of perception and industrial effects derived from if e-sport is included in multi-sport event. 
While there are 28 Olympic events included such as track and field, swimming, archery, and badminton, the game of go has become an official event after 12 years.
Olympic Council of Asia(OCA) has been regulating that the events should be decided until 2 years from hosting a contest, but depending on the situation of venue, the event can be either added or removed flexibly even until 1 year before the opening.
France Paris Aeroport Ingénierie/Engineering(ADPi), which is known as a globally authoritative specialized institution, concluded that it is best to expand Gimhae Airport through preliminary validity examination service of 2016. 
Even while it was promoted from Double A to Triple A, it recorded the betting average of 0.336 and 6 home run in 30 games last year, and it has been increased more this season with 0.367 for the betting average of Triple A and 3 home run(8 games).
Unlike Guerrero Junior who hasn't made his debut in the 1st division, Tatis Junior is becoming the spearhead of baseball, already making a strong impression.
He, who gave a remarkable impression by making 2 hits at his debut of Major League this season, is making a hit in all 12 games played from 12th to 25th this month.
Even if he is playing as a shotstop who has a lot of burden on defense, he is showing the talents to be a big star most satisfactorily with hitting 6 home run.
Unlike last year with the best result of all the things, many unstable factors such as government's 'limiting the mortgage loan' and global economic recession, are being located all over the places. 
Hereby, Jung Ho Kang, who had his 4th home run of the season and 2 base hit on last 25th, has raised his betting average of the season with making a hit in 2 consecutive games.
Jung Ho Kang, who showed the possibility to recover the hitting sense by making a 4th home run of the season and 2 base hit on the day before, has raised his betting average of the season to 0.172 by making a hit on this day too.
Busan International Tourism Development Corporation (Representative Ho Sung Kang) verified that there are 3600t of buried copper by applying for mining concession to mine registration office and doing a sample survey about 20m for width/40m for height/ 20m for depth of 81 mining area at Geumnyeonsan Mountain located in Suyeong-gu District.
Both local governments are planning to actively promote '2020 Daegu/Gyeongbuk Year of Tourism' using public brands and to use it as a symbol mark(Symbol Mark) of coexistent cooperation in culture tour of Daegu/Gyeongbuk.
After child sex offender, Do Soon Cho's face has been revealed after 11 years, the curiosity about sharing personal information of sex offenders on 'Sex Offender Alarm-e' has been amplified.
Air pollutant, which has been emitted less than the usual in China, is being blocked by north wind of moving south along the western sea that it doesn't flow into the Korean Peninsula. 
Three types of ticket will be sold on two separate occassions, and unlike the ordinary year, there won't be a separate sale for BlizzCon charity dinner.
In three types of pass, the presents which are all from within BlizzCon games (will be announced later) and BlizzCon commemorative collectable statue which is to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Warcraft, will be included.
At the press conference after the conference the day before, President Putin insisted that in order for North Korea to consider the renunication of neclear weapons, it needs not only the engagement with U.S., but also should have an international protection for North Korea's security and sovereignty.
In comparison, President Putin supported Chairman Kim, but the American press pointed out that effectively it was only a 'feast of words'. 
This summit between North Korea and Russia is held for the first time after Chariman Jong Un Kim's seizing power in December, 2011, but in case of Russia, it seemed to focus on showing off the presence of President Putin.
After recording a first birdie at the 2nd hole, In Bee Park kept recording 6 consecutive pars, and finally got a birdie again at 8th hole.
Gazelap (Representative Joo Yeon Lee), which is a specialized company of smart early gadgets, announced on 26th that it will release a functional fashion mask of 'Gaze Pattern Mask KF94' which satisfies both function and design.
Iron has received 8 months of prison labor, 2 years of probation, and 80 hours of community service on charge of smoking marijuana and assaulting his ex-girlfriend in last Novermber.
The season's betting average of Shin-Soo Cho, who has made a multi-hit in 3 games after the match against Oakland Athletics on last 23rd, has been raised up from 0.304 to 0.310 (84 at bat, 26 hits).
The place for luncheon is a restaurant named 'Lesnaya Zaimka', in which Jong-il Kim of North Korean leader who is also the father of Chairman Kim had a breakfast together with the mayor of Vladivostok at that time when he visited Russia in 2002.
While Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, has already left to China to attend a One belt, One road forum, the possibility of making a decision that it isn't appropriate to remain in Russia for a long time has been raised. 
Chairman Kim, who left the lodging of Far Eastern Federal University, had a schedule of offering flowers along with Yong-ho Ri of Foreign Secretary, Sun Hee Choi of the 1st Vice Foreign Minister in Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Yong-gil Ri of chief of general staffs, and Song-wol Hyun of director of Samjiyeon Orchestra.
It has been known that at this lunchon, along with Russian traditional food in which bushmeats such as bear/roe deer/deer/boar are used as main ingredients, pancake and salad have been served as well.
At the lunchon, besides company of Chairman Kim and parties related to state government of Maritime Province, local businessmen also participated and there continued to have a Russia folk song performance too.
In Sri Lanka, after a series of terrorist bombing on last 21st, the anger towards Muslim society is getting bigger and bigger.
In Negombo, where more than 100 residents were killed by a series of terrorist bombing, Muslim residetns are being beaten, and housing and stores are being attacked. 
Islam and Christianity have been banding together, comforting each other's pain for the recent 10 years, but by this incident, even two religions have become an enemy that the division of Sri Lanka society is expected to get bigger.
The industry is expecting that since Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix have a higher technology level compared to other rival companies, if the global situation of business gets better, the width of performance rebound will be stiff relatively. 
Three cities have decided to work together on local development and improving quality of residents' lives through carrying forward a sustainable coexistence/cooperative project. 
According to the report of 'Jeollabuk-do Province Rural Depopulation Policy Guidance Production Research and Service' produced by Jeonbuk-do Province and Research Institute of Jeonbuk, out of 6888 rural village within the province, 1195 places (17.3%) are depopulated. 
Through this, it has been figured out that number of rural villages are 1700 villages higher than 5197 villages which are managed as 'Ri' administratively.
European Tour has revealed the video of Andy Sullivan(32/photo) being successful at the challenge of making a hole in one at 11th hole(par3) of 170 yards at London Golf Club in England.
According to European Tour, the probablity for general golfer to succeed in making a hole in one is approximately 1 over 100 thousand, and for tour professional golfer, it's 1 over 2500. 
Fire Department is expecting to have more smooth firewatching monitoring for coventional market or cultural assets which has been difficult to monitor by having a IoT automation equipment.
In reality, he threw as many as 10 innings, having 12 strike-outs, and showed a powerful pitch with only losing 1 point.
Through this construction, Jeonju-si City is planning to newly change the urethane which has been spread out on 15,000㎡ including running track of the field and secondary track in the outside as well.
The city is changing ceilings and floorings of 6 offices which include Jeonju-si City Sports Council office and weight room being moved into the building, and is also doing a wall painting work.
According to the research paper 'Plastic Pollution in the World's Ocean', published by Eriksen and Lebreton in 2014, there are about 5.25 trillion plastic pieces floating at the sea.
The research team stated that the result of this experiment shows that microplastics can spread to top predator through the food chain.
Defenders of West Ham, who have become to have less burden of defense on the side, can focus on keeping Heung-Min Son and Lucas Moura at the front in check.
It seemed like an inevitable choice to use Rose again who has experience of playing as a mid-fielder several times in the past games. 
Governor of Incheon Jung-gu District Branch of Korean Horse Affairs Association(Branch Manager Jong Sun Kim) stated on 28th that in order to excute a fair, clear donation, it has held '2019 1st Donation Deliberating Council' by appointing opinion leaders within the jurisdiction of Jung-gu District Office such as Jung Dong Joon of Vice president of Jung-gu District Council, Head of welfare at Jung-gu District Office, and Chief of Sinpo-dong as donation deliberating council members at Incheon Jung-gu District Office.  
As a result of selection, starting from the early May, it will gradually support welfare service for local residents as well as job creation business, and business of activating veterans' group and traditional market.
Earlier in January, the government has presented 'Road Map for Activating Hydrogen Economy' with purposes of creating 6.2 million hydrogen powered cars and supplying 15GW of stationary fuel cell in 2040.  
In detailed contents, it will prepare 25 hydrogen production facilities by using natural gas pipe networks which reach 4854km in the country and 403 of supply management facilities.
Under this condition, if the construction expands using cheap by-product hydrogen (hydrogen made by by-products from petrochemical process) and transfers to high technology/massive supply system, the price of hydrogen can be decreased to 4500 won per 1kg until 2030.
With this size and speed, it will be a terrible threat to the current society of leading lives through jobs, but it seems like people still don't consider it as their problem.
Several news which came out this month are also notifying that the robot era is no longer far away from Korea.
In the current system, an applicant inputs contents of additional points such as period of being homeless, number of dependents, and date of moving into the current address.
Hereupon, Appraisal Board will improve the system which can check all the related information such as whether applicant itself as well as family members own a house, reading posted price of owned house, and calculation of period of being homeless.
In order to operate subscription system, it needs a bank account for housing subscription, breakdown of recruitment notice, subscription application information, list of those who break order of supply, list of winners, list of those not being qualified, information of a tenant, and an illegal tenant as well.
It is possible to share the personal information like resident registration number, but the financial information is being managed more strictly that it should make a legal basis first.
With this goal, Thierry Henry has left a second-highest milestone of making 20 league goals for 5 consecutive seasons.  
Road Construction Business of connecting between Daecheon and Jukjeong-dong, which is expected to cost the total business expenses of 16.8 billion won, is a business to construct 620m for total extension and 12m for the width including 260m of tunnel as well.
The city is planning to promote appraisal and assessment as well as land compensation in the first half of this year and to order construction for the second half of the year and complete the business until the end of 2022.
While the vote count of Spain's general election has been processed 99%, AP reported that the extreme radical party Vox is expected to obtain 24 seats out of 350 seats in the lower house with 10% of the vote. 
Some people say that extreme rightists voters who revolt agasint Catolonia's strongly promoting secession from Spain lately turned their back on the Nationalist party which was the ruling party at the time when Catalonia made a Declaration of Independence and moved to Vox.
For city bus, it has been stopped in all 20 routes(100%) for Goseong area, 24 routes(24%) for Gangneung area, 22 routes(50%) for the East Sea, and 15 routes(55.6%) for Sokcho.
As Aguero's all numerical values related to activity level have been increased after the coach Guardiola started for his own post, such circumstance can be guessed.
Eco-friendly campaign of Starbucks Korea, 'Seoul, Bloon as a Flower', is held at Seoul City Hall Square on 29th that Starbucks partners are delivering messages of loving the environment. 
Daegu-si City explained that the traces of otter' appearance have been found at Shincheon and the whole area of Geumhogang River's main stream and tributary with the total of 382, and at 13 places out of 33 where unmanned cameras have been installed, the active movement of otter has been filmed.
Chungnam Regional Government Complex which has been finally approved to construct in last 2017, has completed the basic as well as working design from July in that same year to September last year.
At a high school in Suncheon, Jeonnam, a sophomore male student got badly hurt by falling from a restroom of a 4-story building.
By adding the gateway only for Kakao games to here, it has become possible for uses in the whole world to enjoy a quick and nice game, and based on the policy of 'Update globally at the same time', the same contents are being provided.
Professor Soo Jung Kim in Department of Communication Sciences, who has been selected as 'CNU Excellent Lecture Faculty' for the first time at Chungnam National University, has donated the entire prize money of 10 million won for development fund of students that it is catching everyone's eyes.
Earlier, Chungnam National University has cited CNU Excellent Lecture Faculty for the first time this year in order to develop educationl model adjusted to educational environment and proliferation of excellent lectures.
With this selection of business, while considering the specialty of sciences and engineering university, POSTECH is planning to construct a disaster broadcast system, install a kit for laboratory incident response as well as safety equipment, and establish a safety education program for animal testing.  
Ssangyong Motor sets out attracting consumers by claiming to support 'VIEWtiful' Korando, which has the most brilliant style in the history of Korando brand and is armed with innovative new technology.
By starting the engine and stepping on the gas pedal, the car shows a powerful strengh with a sound of 'growl' and goes out of its way.
On 28th, Hye Jin Choi made to the top at the last round in overtime against So Yeon Park(27) at F&C The 41st KLPGA Championship held in Lakewood County Club located in Yangju, Gyeonggi-do Province.  
Hye Jin Choi had 2 wins as an amateur player in 2017 and also had 2 wins last year in which she made a debut in professional stage that she is foreshadowing the enthronment of new queen this year.
As a result, she experienced the sweetness of holding a victory trophy fully after 2543 days since opening of SK Telecom in May, 2012 and 7 years to be said in number of years.
Jae Yong Lee(photo), the vice-president of Samsung Electronics will attend a shipment ceremony of high-tech smart phone application processor(AP), being held at Samsung Electronics in Hwaseong-si City, Gyeonggi-do Province on this upcoming 30th.
Samsung Electronics, which is the latecomer of Foundry, has accomplished the achievement of shipping 7 Nano EUV Product first beating out Taiwan TSM, which is the matchless number 1 in the industry.
If they don't reach an agreement between labor and management at the negotiation run by each city/province, bus drivers will have a massive strike starting from 15th next month.
Russia, who is receiving restriction from the West after Ukraine sitaution, had tried to improve the relationship with the United States for a while, but it didn't go as planned since anti-Russian stream was strong within the U.S. government.
In addition, as Ulsan-si City stated its opinion to share the water of Unmum Dam in Cheongdo-gun District, Gyeongbuk in order to preserve Bangudae Petroglygh Rock and solve drinking water source problem, it joins the conflict of Nakdonggang River water.
Hereupon, Prime Minister Lee had a meeting with mayor of Daegu, mayor of Ulsan, governor of Gyeongbuk, and mayor of Gumi, and consented on carrying forward a research and service for solving Nandokggang River water problem in last October, and as a follow-up action, this agreement has been accomplished.
In order to use a city bus wifi, regardless of particular telecommunication company, at the wireless network setting of the phone, set it as 'PublicWifi@BUS_Free_bus number' or 'PublicWifi@BUS_Secure_bus number' only for once. 
After the city changed the official vehicle of mayor into hydrogen/electric car for the first time within the province, in the second half year, it is planning to change the official vehicle of the president of a city council into a hydrogen car as well.
CJLiveCity Corporation submitted a new business plan of such complex compsition strategy to Gyeonggi-do District in early April, and is waiting for the approval.
For this festival of the biggest startup event in the world in which Finland Slush CEO as well as HAX of professional startup accelerator participate, Daejeon-si City and Herald Corporation, and CEO Club Korean branch are cosponsoring it, and Daejeon Center for Creative Economy & Innovation is supervising it.
The effectiveness of memorandum of understanding lasts for 2 years from now on, and unless one of either agencies notifies the end, it automatically extends by 1 year.
By the agreement made on this day, the Province and Ministry of Foreign Affairs have decided to cooperate together for successfully holding 2019 Chungju World Martial Arts Matership, being held on this upcoming August 30.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs supports Chungbuk-do Province's development of overseas market, attracting foreign investment, and exchange business of foreign local government as well as each field of agency/organization.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs supports Chungbuk-do Province's development of overseas market, attracting foreign investment, and exchange business of foreign local government as well as each field of agency/organization.
The vice-president Lee is planning to announce its plan of actively promoting non-memory semiconductor (system semiconductor) at the shipment ceremony of the first smart phone application processor(AP) in the world which is mass-produced by 7 Nano EUV (Exteme Ultraviolet) process at Hwaseong Campus in Gyeonggi-do Province.
Earlier on 24th, it also announced 'Semiconductor Vision 2030' with the gist of investing 133 trillion won into system semiconductor part until 2030.
Even the business profit of IM(IT/Mobile) part like smart phone has been increased by 50.3% compared to 1.51 trillion won of the last quarter as a result of good sales of Galaxy S10, but it fell much short of the same period (3.77 trillion won) last year. 
Jeju-do Island and Jeju National Tourism Organization stated on 30th that it will promote Jeju tourism by using Malaysia and Philippines travel industries which are running both regular flights and occasional flights(charterd flights), media, and influencer(SNS celebrity) as well. 
From Philippines, 5 travel industries and party from the 1 press have visited Jeju and explored Jeju's natural scenary/spring flowers/unique tourist attractions for their new contents.
The product developed through this Fam Tour will be used as a product for chatered plane between Manila, Philippines and Jeju, which will be running additionally starting from the second half of this year.
By the standard of last year, regular flights to Bangkok, Thailand and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia have been running, and occasional flights to Philippines, Singapore, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, Mongol, and Russia have been running as well.
On the strength of running a direct route to Jeju, the number of tourists who have visited Jeju from Asian countries except neighboring countries such as Japan as well as China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan, are 38,223 people, which have been increased by 32% compared to those of last year. 
At this agreement ceremony, Sung Ho Kim of vice-president of administration in Gangwon-do Province and Young Man Kim of association president as well as parties of both agencies participated and promised on mutual exchange and cooperation.
The city is planning to complete removing facilities until the middle of this upcoming May and start a restoration construction by the end of this year, but if it doesn't secure budget by the right time, then it will have a problem in restoration.
The city is starting to appeal for visiting the East Sea in order to restore a local business which has been recessed after the forest fire.
Through various publicity channels, the city has decided to resume the operation of Mangsang The 2nd Auto Camping Site and give a boost to recessed local tourism by actively promoting main attractions such as Mureung Valley, Chuam Beach, and Nongoldam-gil Street.
The application period for idea products is from May 7 to 20, and for those already submitted, they will go through the 1st technical expert evaluation on idea's creativity/practicality/economic feasibility, and the final prize winners will be announed on this upcoming June 25.
Kevin Durant led the offense by scoring 35 points, and Stephen Curry(18 points) played as a troubleshooter by making a 3-pointer at the 4th quarter which drove a wedge in winning the game. 
Chungnam-do Province is promoting an industry development strategy which is customized for each region such as healing industry and advanced material industry by dividing all 15 cities/districts within the Province into 4 areas such as the north/south/the west coast/interior.
A briefing session, in which Seung Jo Yang of Governor of Chungnam-do Province as well as council for Chungnam future industry innovation and experts have particiapted, has been processed in the order of reporting the progress situation, reporting industry innovation strategies for each area of Chungnam, and general discussion.  
The 7 main industries, in which the total amount of 5 trillion and 623 billion won will be invested, are such as customized healing indudstry, advanced material industry, information and communication technology(ICT) fusion industry, K-biomaterials indsutry, hyper-connected energy industry, defense support system industry, and ecological culture service industry.
First, for 'The Northern Part ICT Fusion Propulsive Strategy', which creates the main hub of technical development by the fusion of Chungnam main industries and new technology, a high-tech industrial complex for development of automatic driving application components and construction of big data center by using eco-friendly renewable energy are stated to be main industries.
This year's reading war will reveal the future of books by casting light upon people, culture, history, and environment which are all related to the book with the subject of 'Beyond the Book', and will introduce the meaning which the book has within human lives.
There will be prepared lectures of a novelist Jung-Rae Jo, a poet Cho Hye Kim, a printmaker Cheol Soo Lee, an advertising man Woong Hyun Park, and a broadcaster Byung Jo Kim as well as special exhibition of Cheongju antique books, and street experience on used bookstore/independent publication as well.
In addition, special exhibition of books from Jeon Seop Kang which is planned directly by Cheongju citizen, experiencing scholar culture of Joon Mi Park Cheongju taoist hermit, and Cheongju culture tour with a local writer will be also proceeded as well.
Ssangyong Motor made an official announcement on 29th that it has recorded managenet result of 34,851 cars for sales at this year's 1st quarter, 933.2 billion won for sales, 27.8 billion won for business loss, and 26.1 billion won for net loss during the term. 
Greenland Jeju, which is under the influence of Greenland with the capital in China, had started a profit hospital business after receiving prior approval from Ministry of Health and Welfare in February, 2015, but as Jeju-do Province decided to give a conditional permission of establishment for foreigners excluding natives on December 5 last year, it filed an administrative litigation, being resisted to this decision.
On 29th(Korean Time) at Wilshire Country Club(par71/6540yar) in Los Angeles, California, U.S., by scoring 3 under 68 at the 4th round, Min Ji Lee has become the 1st place with the total score of 14 under 270.
Min Ji Lee, who became a sole leader at the last round, wasn't taken aback against Se Young Kim of the 2nd place, and calmly managed the number of strokes.
If deparment of the city hires a temporary position, it has to submit the purpose and plan of employment in advance, and has to pass the preliminary judging committee to receive the budget.
Reuters reported that Chairman Guaido's being confronted against soldiers at the air base of Caracas who had not stood on his side has been witnessed. 
In a demonstration, Leopoldo Lopez of a politician from the opposition party, who stands by Chairman Guaido and who had been taken into custody on suspicion of leading anti-government protest in 2014, also participated.
Dr. Juster will participate in 'Isral Best Worshipper Invitation Sermon and Hymn Meeting' as a main instructor which will be held at Songdo Jusarang Church located in Incheon on this coming 5th to 12th.
'King of Kings Worship Team' which has been the best Christian Choir of Israel as well as Haisan Lau of the famous drummer in Hong Kong, and Deok-sin Choi missionary will lead the praise.
In addition, for expansion of labor welfare, 'Laborer Rest Area Installation Support' business will be pushed forward, and not only rest areas but also law/health/employment council as well as club activity will be also supported as well.
In the background in which investment in plant and equipment has recorded the maximum increase after 20 months compared to that of the last month, there are launch of new-model smart phone and opening of 5G.
By the standard of previous quarter, it is the maximum decrease after 4th quarter in 2008(-5.3%), and by the standard of same time last year, it is the maximum range after 1st quarter in 2009(-5.1%).
As president Kun-hee Lee has made Samsung Electronics as the world's leading company through memory semiconductor, vice-president Lee insists that he will make Samsung Electronics to have a 'quantum jump' one more time through achieving the 1st place in non-memory semiconductor until 2030.
After being appointed as a leader of Samsung from Fair Trade Commission in May 1 last year, vice-president Lee looked for future items of Samsung by having an active international activity.
Samsung Electronics, which has been on the 1st place in semiconductor, beating out Intel Corporation last year, yielded its 1st place to Intel Corporation again as the market situation of semiconductor has become stagnant.
Based on the global network which he has built in the meantime, vice-president Lee is expected to actively step up to sales of Samsung Electronics system semiconductor.
The fact that vice-president Lee's position and performance can be rapidly intimidated depending on the result of the trial is still an unstable factor as Samsung's 'ownerless'.
The mooring of canoe and kayak experience center, which is located on the riverside right next to Songho Tourist Site soccer field, is perfect to enjoy water leisure sports since the the river basin is wide and the water flow is also gradual. 
The 5 organizations of the 2nd Airport Promotion Committee as well as Seongsan-eup Town Co-op of Shopkeepers, Korea Traffic Disabled Association of Jeju-do Island, Jeju Palgakhoi, and e-open forum held a resolution conference in front of Jeju-do Island Office in the morning of the 1st, and is insisting to carry forward a business of the 2nd airport of Jeju in order to guarantee a mobility right of disabled people.
Ajax succeeded in making a first goal at 15 minutes in the first half as after Donny van de Beek received a through-pass from Hakim Ziyech and released a shot with his right foot.
According to '2018 White Paper on Korean Games' published by Korea Creative Content Agency early this year, the amount of game industry export in 2017 is 5.923 billion dollars (approximately 6.6547 trillion son), which has been increased by 80.7% year on year.
The government has provided system semiconductor promotion policy on two separate occasions from 1998, but here is the reason why the market share of Korea stays at 3.1%.
Al-Baghdadi gives a notice that it will keep causing a terror aiming at Christians in places like Europe, insisting that Sri Langka's Easter terror was done by IS.
It is the first time which al-Baghdadi reveals the face after revealing the sermon scene at Great Mosque of al-Nuri in July, 2015.
The Wall Street Journal reported that in reality, one of the terror suspects had received a training at IS for at least 3 months 5 years ago.
It also speaks its mind that it will create a large-scale system semicoductor market in public services of energy/safety/traffic which include intelligent device of reading a meter as well as CCTV.
This event meshes the time of non-memory semiconductor investment from Samsung Electronics who has become the world's best company in semicoductor field.
Vice-president Lee is facing the Supreme Court's decision on a charge of offering a bribe, and being suspicious of accounting fraud, 2 excutive and staff members of Samsung Bioepis which is an affiliated company of Samsung Biologics, have been arrested on last 29th.
Ulsan University Hospital had been running a doctor car with an operation cost of 160 million won every year for which it didn't receive external support but used the prize money received from the government's evaluation of regional trauma center, but since it became difficult to secure the working expenses, it stopped operating it at the end of last year.
Following the agreement, S-OIL Coporation supports 100 million won of donation for doctor car operation every year, and Ulsan University Hospital and Ulsan-si City have also decided to support the budget of 30 million won each. 
There were 20 referee calls starting from the time when there were only 2 minutes lefts for the 4th quarter, and 3 of them were wrong decisions.
Among those, for two times, it was appropriate to point ouf fouls of James Harden and Stephen Curry(Golden State) who was defending Eric Gordon(Houston), but they were delcared as simple touch outs.
By virtue of wrong decisions twice, Curry wasn't fouled out and made a final 3-pointer at 26 seconds before the end of the game in which Golden State was being chased with a score of 100 to 98.
Gwangju-si City as the 1st stockholder will invest 21% of 48.3 billion won and Hyundai Motor as the 2nd stockholder will invest 19% of 43.7 billion won, and for the rest, it will be fund-raised by Development Bank and other finances.
The city stated on 30th that since the 1st issued amount of local currency 'Moa' has been run out early, from the estimated 2nd issued amount, it received about 2 billion won from Korea Minting and Security Printing Corporation and went on sale.
Ewha Journalist Club(President Jung Min Lee), which is the meeting of journalists from Ewha Womans University, has selected Hee Jung Kim(photo on the left) of KBS researcher and Woo Sun Lim(on the right) of reporter of Dong-A Daily News as winners of The 19th Ewha Journalist Prize on 30th.
Korea Habitat will continue the business consistently as it appointed Gyeong-deok Seo, a professor of Sungshin Women's University, as a honorary ambassador for campaign of improving residential environment of independence patriot's descendants.
Military police started to figure out the trace of private A around the downtown, and it retained a statement from a taxi driver that he/she drove a soldier to the theater.
In order not to disturb general audiences, military police waited until the movie ended and arrested private A who was coming out of the theater.
As a Brazilian couple who are staying in Korea uploaded a video and post of belittling Korea, they are getting a beating from all netizens.
It has been pointed out that it isn't appropriate to bring up the peak season of golf by referring to important incident of Korean modern history, but it is being the talk of the town as a famous phrase among golf lovers.
Pastor in charge Han, who has been a head president of major religious bodies, was on the malicious gossip by comparing religious life to golf several times in his sermon at the main worhip on the Lord's day.
This business information session is holding for potential demand companies who are actual prospective consumers, following after the 1st business information session for Venture Capital(VC) on last 25th, and it's been arranged to induce active participation of companies through explaining purpose of 'Preparatory Unicorn Special Warranty' policy and benefits of unprecedented support as well.
It's known as Mr. A, who was living in the same apartment complex with his parents, lost his life while sleeping at grandfather's house on this day. 
Writer Jae Kyung Um, anchor Yong Jun Jeon, and commentator Jung Min Kim, the trio who started the StarCraft e-sports history, have taken a role of voice dubbing.
It is given 5 million won for the 1st place team with highest match point at the offline final 4th round, 3 million won for the 2nd place team, and 1 million won for the 3rd plalce team.
Office War season 2 can be watched in real time on Battle Ground official streaming channel Twitch as well as Afreeca Tv and Youtube channel through streaming broadcast as well as dual live broadcast.
Ulleung airport has been pushed forward to be completed in 2020 for overcoming limit of marine transportation caused by frequent cancellation of passenger ships, revitalizing local economy through activation of tourism as well as improving quality of local residents' lives, protecting territory of the East Sea like Dokdo Island, and improving accessibility to Ulleungdo Island/Dokdo Island as well.
In the morning on 2nd, CJLiveCity Corporation has signed 'Agreement for Goyang-si City Local Bookstore Revitalization as well as Supporting Alienated Culture Class' with Goyang-si City Bookstore Association and Gyeonggi Community Chest at Hangang Hall of Hanyang Bookstore located in Juyeop-dong, Ilsanseo-gu District, Goyang-si City.
SINoALICE, which has been pulished in Japan earlier, has swept the number 1 best sales of Japanese Apple app store based on attractive illustration and high quality story, and has also recorded more than 4 million people for accumulated signed-up users that it gained a lot of popularity.
For this period, board of audit and inspection measured the noise between floors for 191 households, which include 161 households in 22 public apartments constructed by LH/SH and 65 households in 6 private apartments contructed by priviate company.
The constructor has to contruct an interformational floor of apartment in a structure which has been acknowledged by recognized agencies like LH and Korea Institute of Construction Technology designated by general of Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, and Transport, after testing the performance beforehand.
Besides Heung-min Son, Harry Kane who is the offense at the front line was out due to his injury, and Jan Vertonghen of middle defender was replaced since he got hurt by collision in the process of competing for the ball in the first half.
In Ulsan around where nuclear facilities are gathered, a massive nuclear energy disaster prevention town will be constructed for the first time in the country in a dimension of securing the world's highest class in radioactivity disaster prevention ability.
Ulsan-si City stated on 1st that it will carry forward a construction business of nuclear energy disaster prevention town at the site near Ulju Sports Center located in Samnam-myeon Township, Ulju-gun District by putting the budget of 70 billion won from this year to 2028.
Ulsan is currently operating the total of 12 nuclear facilitis at the neighboring areas such as Shin-Gori in Ulsan as well as Gori in Gijang-gun District of Busan and Wolseong in Gyeongju-si City of Gyeongbuk.
If Shin-Gori number 4/5/6, which are currently being contructed, are completed, surroundings of Ulsan become the world's highest congested nuclear area with 15 nuclear facilities being operated.
The city is constructing a nuclear energy disaster prevention town as a complex disaster prevention town which possesses not only preliminary/afterward prevention functions but also disaster prevention technology based on big data as well as functions of eduction, tourism, and upbringing of company.
The city is planning to reinforce functions of training professional manpower for nuclear energy disaster prevention as well as education and training through inviting KINGS (KEPCO International Nuclear Graduate School) again.
As a regular golf competition, in which professional player and celebrity play as an one team, is being pushed ahead at the golf club of capital area landfill, part of championship prize money will be donated to the area of Seo-gu District, Incheon that it draws a lot of attention.
Pro-am golf competition made its bow as a regular competition in the country after benchmarking the U.S. professional golf tour AT&T Pebble Beach Pro-am, and in this year of 2nd term, it will be broadcasted live on all rounds with a total prize money of 600 million won through JTBC golf. 
It is expected to contribute to revitalization of local economcy as the part of prize money for tour players and celeberity team will be donated as needy neighbors in Seo-gu District area of Incheon.
His mother, who has been taking care of him from the time when he was a 7 years old boy grabbing a basketball for the first time, was collapsed due to acute cerebral haemorrhage.
On the day of laying down on the bench near Banpo Sports Complex after looking for place to sleep with no money at all in the pocket, turning point has come.
In January last year, it has established JBJ, which means a baskeball club under the supervision of Jejus who is bearing the cross, by adding J in front of Baby Jordan (BJ) of the fan club name.
Following 'CarXDonation' (Carnation + Donation) competition for talent donation in May of Family Month last year and JBJ basketball competition for expanding the base of baseketball in August, in this Decebmer, Christmas Christian baseketball competition was held.
Recently, John Bolton of the White House aide has announced the revival of the 'Monroe Doctrine', which is a traditional dispomacy opposing to Europe's interference in South America.
Recently, Roseneft of Russia national oil company has paid the crude oil price of 20 billion dollars (approximately 23 trillion won) to Venezuela in advance, avoiding restriction of the U.S.
The local press has reported that since there is a sanguinary collision of 2 people being dead and about 100 people being hurt, the number of Venezuela citizens who are crossing the border of Brazil have been increased by 3 times more than before. 
IBK Cooperation Bank and Hyundai Engineering & Construction announced on the 2nd (local time) that they have rechartered with two players with annual income of 200,000 dollars each on a day before 2019 Korea Volleyball Federation(KOVO) Woman Foreign Player Draft which will take place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
In this draft, including these 2 players, Alaina Bergsma(29) of KGC Ginseng Corporation and Fatou Diouck(32/registered name Patu) of Korea Expressway Corporation have submitted an entry form to this year's draft.
For Australia, after seperating with Bert van Marwijk after Russia World Cup, the coach Graham Arnold from its own country is taking the helm of the team. 
Starting from this agreement, it will process a training on drone, app development, AR (Augmented Reality) as well as VR (Virtual Reality) for Kangwon National University as well as Gangwon-do Province, and 70 soldiers of 2nd corp troop as well as 2nd logistics support troop of the army until November this year.
First, in this year, it will execute a test operation on the 2nd troop of the army as well as subordinate elements, and from 2020, it will carry forward the escalation for the whole army units within the province including the navy and air force as well.
Chungju-si City of Chungbuk has held the 47th Parent's Day Man of Merit Award Ceremony at Jungangtap conference room of Chungju City Hall, and has awarded to 28 people of those with filiar behavior and great parents including Young Sup Shim(82).
According to the city, Mr. Shim, who lives in Sinni-myeon Township, is living with his father of 102 years old this year even with his uncomfortable body of physical disability grade 6.
The 10 people who respected the elderly and greatly educated their children despite being poor have received great parents awards, and Sunshine Service Group in Gyohyeon/Allim-dong, who has been playing a role of taking care of senior citizens living alone and protecting disabled household for 16 years, has received a filial behavior group prize.
Incheon National University would carry forward a business related to energy through a business agreement with Siemens AG, POSCO Engineering & Construction Corporation, and Incheon Metropolian City in September of 2017 in order to build a smart campus, and would fulfill constructing a zero energy building by grafting various technologies.
In order to introduce IB program into Daegu education, the city's education office had run 20 places interested in it last year, and for this year, it has expanded the object to 35 interested schools and 9 candidate schools.
From now on, consultative group will play a role as a discussion channel for coexistent development of new and original town by cooperation/adjustment suited to dualization of administration within the new town and sharing the process of provincial government construction business.
In the early phase, it was thrown at around 79 miles(speed per hour 127km), slower than professional baseball pitchers in the country, but after the 3rd inning, its speed was raised up to higher than 90 miles(speed per hour 145km) that its speed control was stood out.
Jeong-Yong Jeong, the coach of Under 20(U-20) national soccer team, announced the list of 21 players for Poland U-20 World Cup including Kangin Lee(Valencia/photo) on the 2nd.
The coach Jeong has selected players through domestic mobilization training for 3 weeks in last March as well as Spain off-season training, and the fiinal domestic mobilization training last month. 
It becomes able to have a precise realization by classifying a person and an object in Augmented Reality(AR) and Virtual Reality(VR) as well, and it grasps the surrounding environment when taking a photo that it guides the optimum brightness and structure.
With this reason, such Apple, Samsung Electronics, and Huawei load NPU within AP which is self-produced in order to enhance AI fundtion within a smart phone.
The inheritance of ground breaking, which has been influencing the architecture industry of Korea until today while its true nature isn't wholly revealed, is set as a 'ghost', and such situation itself is used as a condition of exhibition. 
The Washington Post(WP) reported on last 3rd that by citing Jung Bong Kim of Ex-secretary to the President for the Unification, Foreign Affairs, and Security Information who was also from National Intelligence Service, it was Adrian Hong Chang, being known as a leader of Liberty in North Korea, who had asked Jung Nam Kim to lead North Korea's government in exile.
After Siti has been released in less than a month, on 1st of last month, Huong has been also sentenced to 3 years and 4 months being suspected of injury instead of murder.
So Yeon You has become on the sole top by scoring a 2-under with 3 birdies and 1 bogey in the 2nd round at Ladies Professional Golf Association(LPGA) Tour Mediheal Championship held in Lake Merced Golf Club located in Daly City, CA in the U.S.
On the 4th(Korean time), Ji-Man Choi participated as a 1st base man and 3rd batter, and made no hit out of 4 hits, one RBI single, and 2 strikeouts at the away game against Baltimore Orioles which was held in Oriole Park at Camden Yards of Baltimore, Maryland, U.S. 
For children who participated in the event, after they attended a cookie making class run by professional patissier, they made animal-shaped cookies with cookie dough and chocolate toppings.
Before the opening ceremony, the city is selecting 74 teams for community participation garden and 44 teams for commemoration planting place, and is providing an opportunity for citizens to plant flowers and trees by themsevles.
Since there are lots of cases which they don't receive permission in advance or declaration when installing outdoor advertisement like a signboard, the city has intruduced in order to prevent such case.
From now on, based on the mutual trust, Dalseo-gu Borough and Seongju-gun District are planning to have coexistent development through sharing and cooperation of various great policy business, operating a farmer's market, and having a reciprocal visit to various culture festival events.
Earlier, the city has discussed ways to block a diffusion of hepatitis A through haivng a video conference with deputy head of 5 gu Borough offices under the chairmanship of administration deputy mayor on last 3rd.
The city paid attention to the fact that infection route of recent patients with hepatitis A isn't clear, and put more weight on possibility of infection through food between acquaintance.
If it was up to here, this game can be just remembered as one of poor games to Curry, but he made too fatal mistake at the last minute of the game.
Curry, who got the ball with only 26 seconds left before the end of overtime while being losing with a score of 121 to 126, received a crucial screen from his teammate Green, and made a one-man swift attack beating out James Harden. 
If it lost in this game, Houston would be at the end of its rope with a score of 0 to 3 in series, but by winning in this game, it has become to able to counterattack.
Judical researcher is in charge of reviewing detailed incident and investigation and research related to trial such as writing a review report at each court as well as researching a principle of law and precedent.
On the 5th of Childrens' Day, the water of Mulbit Square of Yeouido located in Yeongdeungpo-gu District, Seoul is polluted with food waste left by someone.
Tae Hee Lee shared the lead from the first day and never came down from the lead that she left a record of 'wire to wire' victory.
It was a single breadth but the reason why Samsung Electronics succeeded in rebounding the share within China was because Galaxy S10 which was a strategic smart phone for the first half of the year received a good response.
Even with the critisim of which the speed isn't much faster than LTE and embossed 5G killer contents are insufficient, subscribers have been passed over 260,000 people.
It has been told that after landing, part of passengers succeeded in emergency escape through the front part of the exit which wasn't on fire yet.
It has been known that after take-off, this plane was flying in neighboring sky and asked for the emergency landing after lowering the altitude.
In the afternoon of last 4th, while Tae Jung Huh of Daejeon mayor and Dong Ho Seol of city superintendent of education are participating, 'Daejeon Saturday Saturday Is Fun Festival' is having an opening ceremony at Euneung Jeongi Skyroad located in Jung-gu District, Daejeon. 
All citizens whose addresses are in Daejeon-si City on the resident registration are able to participate in experience group and they can apply through Metropolitan AlDdeul Transportation Card website. 
This business, which was test-operated in Sejong as well as Ulsan and Jeonju last year, is expected to be operated in 11 regions including Daejeon this year.
In this year, it will enforce the construction with a goal of completion until 2021 on the rest of 2.21km out of the whole 11km of riverside road with the amount of 15 billion won.
In this year, it will install 6km of main pipe network from Sangjeong-ri of Donghae-myeon Township to Nultae-ri of Guryongpo-eup Town, and from 2020 to 2021, it will carry forward a business of supplying gas to households within Guryongpo-eup Town step by step.
It doesn't force the the idea with a harmony of pale Indian ink, which is full of vitality even with no stregth at all but is still sensitive and bold, and dark Indian ink, and it shows the ultimate of naturalness which only veterans can have.
King Vajiralongkorn has succeeded to the throne after his deceased father passed away in October of 2016, but for reasons of condolence call and funeral, he has been postponing the coronation in the meantime.
The local press has reported on 5th(local time) that 3 Israel men were killed by rocket attack of Palestine armed faction in Ashgelon, a coastal city of Isral.
On the first day of attacking Israel, as 2 members of Hamas and 2 Palestine civilians who were protesting had died, Hamas shot 250 of rocket gun to Israel. 
In the conflict which was sparked by incident of kidnapping and killing Israel youth at that time, Israel attacekd Gaza Strip as many as 50 days and Hamas opposed with rocket attack.
So Yeon Park, who has received the championship prize money of 100 million won, has recorded the total prize money of 242.51 million won which made her to be on the top of prize money ranking beating out Jung Min Cho(25/238.03 million won) that the happiness becomes doubled.
As Unification Hill has been appointed as a Special Tourist Zone and the city has made an agreement of opening the barbed-wire fence trail on 30th of last month, the city is expecting to be a center of security tourism.
Odusan Unification Observatory is a perfect place for security tourism in which you can see the magnificent view of Hangang River and Imjingang River flowing together into the western sea and enjoy the mountains and streams as well as view of residents of Hwanghae-do Province of North Korea at a glance.
The city and district are planning to decide a detailed course by having a business conference, and through the planning and construction this year, it will open it to the public at the end of next year.
Yoon Ha Choi(61) of Chungbuk Party Coalition President of Men's Missionary Union in The Korea Methodist Church had an interview at Chungju Hoam Gym in Chugbuk on last 3rd which was the day before the 21st Chungbuk Party Layperson Track Meet and said like this.
President Choi has visited the event location with executive members of Men's Missionary Union of Chungbuk Party Coalition on this day that he has finished the preparation to greet guests.
Under the lead of president Choi as well as Seok Jun Jeong(Jecheon Zion City Church) of elder, and Ki Hyung Cho(Pastor of Chungju Dongbu Church) of Chungbuk Party supervisor, about 4000 members of Chungbuk Party have participated. 
There will be running a service center for foreign workers in which it consults foreign workers and their business owners about their difficulties, and there will be also running a rest area for foreigners which is for foreign workers who need a short rest place due to industrial accident or changing jobs.
The World Health Organization(WHO) will hold a regular general meeting in Geneva of Switzerland from this coming 20th to 28th, and is likely to adopt International Classification of Disease 11(ICD-11) which has been registrated as 'disease' with a title of 'Gaming Disorder'.
On last 3rd, during the match against KIA Tigers, it has been clearly caught on TV screen that the right knee was folded at the moment of touching the 3rd base by taking advantage of pitcher's wild pitch.
It is unreasonable to rapidly change to more than 1 year like Japan, but it won't be too unreasonable to relax to about 5 years.
By this agreement, the province and its agencies cooperate together on constructing the central district base center of responding to fine dust in Chungbuk.
Jecheon-si City of Chungbuk has started for real in demolition work of Haso-dong sports center, which had a fire disaster, bringing heavy equipments like excavator and crane on 7th.
If a small-sized excavator secures an operating radius by dissolving a part of structure, a large-sized excavator will be lifted up to the building and quickly process the demolition.
In effect, in case of Seocho-gu District, Seoul, there is a precedent of hiring about 30 young artists with developmental disability, and it has been verified that in Gwangmyeong of Gyeonggi-do Province is also giving a pay of minimum wages to young artists with developmental disability in a similar way.
From now on, Maker Inventor Cooperative Federation is planning to expand the field of education and experience which accumulate capacity for creative innovation through having a Maker basic education in life and creative activity for youth living in less-favoured area.
POSTEC announced on 7th that team of professor Yong Young Noh(photo) in department of chemical engineering has developed a compound semiconductor material by mixing perovskite with no lead content and carbon nanotube(CNT), and has developed a technology to use it in display.
In order to solve such problem, the research team has developed a compound semiconductor material by mixing perovskite with no lead content and semiconducting carbon nanotube covered with conjugate polymer.
A media reported on 7th that Roy Kim is currently staying in Washington D.C. of U.S. and unless a particular action has been taken a step, he will graduate on 15th following the academic calender of Georgetown University.
The use fee for adults is 1000 won, 800 won for youth, and 500 won for elementary school student, and when using a card, there is 100 won of discount for adult and youth each.
There are 2 routes including a circulating section in which it starts from Yonsei University and passing through an intercity bus terminal as well as Taejang 2-dong and Jungang Central Market and comes back to Yonsei University again, and one way section in which it starts from Kunyoung Apartment in Haenggu-dong and passing through innovation city as well as Jungang Central Market and an intercity bus terminal, and finally arrives at Munmak fire station as a last stop.
Following the mediation of international society like Egypt and UN, Israeli military and 'Hamas' and 'Islamic Jihad' of two major armed factions within Palestine have drawn a ceasefire agreement.
Aljazeera reported through citing a person related to Islamic Jihad that both sides have agreed on ceasefire on condition to ease the blockade of Israel toward Gaza Strip.
According to this related party, Israel has promised to expand waters permitted to operate by Palestinians and improve the power and fuel supply within Gaza Strip.
Some suppose that Palestinians intentionally provoked Israel, aiming at the time in order to favorably lead an advantage on agreement of lifting a blockade.
The industry is forecasting that as Chinese passenger flight route and number of flights have increased, there would be benenfit in duty-free industry following the increase in number of group tourists.
Experts advised that it needs to judge the business by seprating into a company selling products only in duty free shop and a company entering China itself.
Until the day before, by running as a sole lead with the intermediate score of 10 under which was 3 shots ahead of the 2nd place, one was being optimistic about the victory, but following making a double bogey at the 1st hole, one ended up making a bogey even at the 2nd hole.
After watching Jung Eun Lee and Law ended up at par, Se Young Kim made a birdie right away that she raised up her arms. 
Hereby, Se Young Kim has won her 8th career LPGA title 10 months after Thornberry Creek Classic in last July.
There are many analysis that the the reason why he has overcome from his extreme slump in the second half of last year is because he has made a change in his batting form during the off-season.
Starting from this month, in 5 major countries like U.S. and China, it will gradually hold a 'Samsung Foundry Forum(SFF)' which is to introduce new technology of semiconductor foundry (consignment production) business as well as its road map.
In addition, it is expected to shed light on semiconductor vision 2030 of recently announced and to clearly set the goal of being on the 1st place in non-memory market in succession to the memory semiconductor market.
In this event, president Eun Seung Jung of head of foundry business as well as Sang Deok Kwon/Ki Tae Jeong of researchers in foundry technical development team, Dae Woo Kim of researcher in system package development team, and Jae Hong Park of chief in foundy design platform development team will step on the platform as subject presenters. 
On 6th(Korean Time), Cincinnnati Reds has made a real record of making 3 consecutive home runs on 3 balls thrown by a pitcher at the 2019 Major League game against San Francisco Giants held in Great American Ball Park of Cincinnati, Ohio, U.S. 
At the game 3 of National Basketball Association(NBA) playoff round 2 against Portland Trail Blazers on last 4th (Korean Time), Jokic run full 65 minutes until 4th overtime.
As Jokic run 38 minutes at game 4 held on 6th, he showed a Herculean strength by recording a triple double in two consecutive games with 21 points, 12 rebounds, and 11 assists.
With only 1 minute left to go, maybe because of accumulated fatigue, Jokic limp the his leg without any particular crash. 
Doosan Corporation stated on 6th that cooperating robot of Doosan Robotics has been finally selected at authorized robot contest of finding an industrial robot to fulfull tasks of occupational categories in National Skills Competition under the supervision of Human Resources Development Service of Korea.
This open contest is supervised by 6 agencies such as maritime and fisheries/environment/safety, and it has been held in order to push forward an innovation of public institutions from the citizen's point of view by excavating innovative pratical task adjusted to each public institution's work characteristic.
This open contest will be used in each institution's innovation business as well as excavating items specialized in maritime and fisheries through having a work shop on pratical use of innovative ideas by a joint study group scheduled within this month. 
In order for game users who are having such serious difficulty to receive systemetic prevention and treatment service, the World Health Organization(WHO) has decided to establish 'Gaming Disorder' in International Classification of Disease 11(ICD-11).
Considering the fact that if local government has more than 10 clubs who are receiving support from Incheon Metropolitan City/District/Borough, it has to compose/operate a club association, the center has formed an association for representative youth in Gyeyang-gu Borough, Namdong-gu Borough, Bupyeong-gu Borough, Seo-gu Borough, Yeonsu-gu Borough, and Jung-gu Borough this year.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs have asked Ministry of Personal Management to give a severe penalty on Do Hyun Kim of Korean Ambassador to Vietnam on a charge of overusing the power with like abusive language and violating 'Kim Young-ran Act'.
Heung-Min Son, who was watching his team's defeat at the 1st round of Champions League semifinal against Ajax in the stand, is challenging the great reversal through the away game in Amsterdam at 4 a.m. on 9th(Korean time).
At the 1st round without Harry Kane(26/injured) who was in charge of making most of scores and Heung-Min Son, Tottenham couldn't show an accurate play in the offense.
While recording 20 goals in this season, it is a test stage to overcome the maximum number of goals(21 goals) in his career within the season.
Ajax didn't lose at a home game in the league after November in 2017, but it scored 1 tie and 1 lose at a home game in Champions League round of 16 and quarterfinal.
For imported beer, unlike domestic beer, it doesn't pay tax on sales management fee and its profit, and has price competitiveness that it is able to have a marketing of '10,000 won for 4 cans'.
Exchange rate of won/dollar has beat a record by increasing up to 1174 won during the stock, but as financial authority's 'rapid-response speech' calmed down the concern, it ended the stock at 1166.5 won.
Liverpool, who has lost with a score of 0 to 3 at an away game of the 1st round earlier on last 2nd, boarded a train going to the final by dramatically making 4 goals consecutively.
G&E Healthcare Corporation is a manufacturing company of Hannahpad which is a representative brand for cloth pad in the country that for 14 years from 2005, it has been making and selling Hannahpad of reusable cloth pad.
Chinese Global Times and Hong Kong's South China Morning Post reported on 7th that Ms. A of Chinese woman guest felt strange with a light of wifi router that she found a hidden camera on last 1st.
Ms. A, who was working in the field of information security, stated that she could find an illegal filiming scence since she had a habit of always checking her accommodation.
Earlier, the labor union had asked for recruitment of additional labor force following the introduction of 52 work hours per week work system and increasing the current wage of 3.1 million won to 3.9 million won of Seoul standard.
The three teams will have a group stage game from 10th to 14th along with Korea (League of Legends Championship Korea)'s SK Telecom T1, who has gone straight to group stage based on its great record in recent international competition, as well as Europe (League of Legends European Championship)'s G2, and China (League of Legends Pro League)'s Invictus Gaming(IG) as well.
Russia's Bashkortostan, which is located at the very bottom of the Ural Mountains, is sharing culture and history of Europe and Asia, and is the country who is using a native language of Ural-Altaic languages like our country.
The city will install the notification device at the total of 10 places in which there are many floating population including 5 places like Euneung Jeongi Skyroad, park, complex terminal, surroundings of public office, and 2 places in each autonomous region. 
It is assumed that this family, who has moved to Jeju for a month, had an accident of being intoxicated to carbon monoxide while making a fire in the furnace for ondol.
The fire department is graping the situation that the carbon monoxide which was occurred from the fire built with firewood and papar in the kitchen furnace for ondol couldn't get out and leaked to the room in which the family was sleeping that it finally caused the accident.
If oxygenation in the body gets insufficient due to carbon monoxide intoxication, brain and spinal column are being affected that it can cause headache/dizziness/vomiting symptoms, and if it gets worse, it can cause losing consciousness or even the death.
Jeju-do Island stated on 8th that it will actively carry forward a 'Jeju Star Product Integrated Support Business' which will raise export performance in a short period of time so that it can be a successful case of pioneering an overseas market. 
For selected company for star products, it will support marketing fee(40 million won per a company) on the field which the company wants and necessary items, and it will also push forward a promotion/sales event marketing using SNS celebrity.
The Bank of Korea announced that with an influence of dollar strength, current foreign exchange reserve at the end of last month is 404 billion 30 million dollars that it has been decreased by 1.22 billion dollar month over month.
Woods has succeeded in revival through overcoming his long-time injury and slump by winning at Masters Tournament which is a major competition of Professional Golfers Association(PGA) Tour on 15th of last month.
Woods has become the 4th player who received this badge following Arnold Palmer(2004), Jack Nicklaus(2005), and Charlie Sifford(2014).
On 7th, a day before Parent's Day, at daycare center of Chonbuk National University in Jeonju-si City, Jeonbuk, childrens have made a carnation for their parents and are holding them up.
If Blake Snell(3win, 3lost 3.52), who has received AL Cy Young Award but has been in a little slump in the early stage, shows his original ability, it can be expected to see the powerful one-two punch combination of Glasnow and Snell.
Minnesota, who is in middle-low level, placing 18th(121.13 million dollars) in a total annual income ranking, is currently being placed on the 1st place in AL central district with a score of 21 win and 12 lose, and is also being on the 2nd place in the whole league following after Tampa Bay. 
Regulation plan proposed by Jong Ju Lee of Chairman of board of education in Gangwon-do Province Council includes content that from 2020, it will support uniforms for freshman who enters a school as well as for those who are transferring from different city/province or those who are transferring from overseas.
On the day before, the 2nd to 4th hitter of Cincinnati all hit a home run in order when the starting pitcher of the opposing team threw 3 balls that it has left a record of '3 home runs for 3 balls' after 12 years.
Earlier on last 3rd, at the game agasint New York Mets, Cincinnati lost with a score of 0 to 1 by being overwhelmd by all-out pitching of pitcher Noah Syndergaard.
On this day, after a large-sized crane lifted up a small-sized crane to 38m above the ground with a height of 9 floors of the building, starting from dissolution of outdoor unit of air conditioner and H-beam structure, the city has started to demolish the building.
The city is planning to demolish the whole building which has 1st basement level as well as 9 stories above the ground and total gross area of 3813㎡ until the 22nd of next month.
Soon after at the end of this year, the city is planning to start contructing a community center tower with 6 stories which also has a little theater and cultural center by investing the money of about 6 billion won including 3 billion won of government expense. 
The city, who has secured the ownership of this building and the site with the amount of 1.51 billion won at the court auction in last January, was orginally planning to complete the demolition by this month, but as Public Administration and Security Committe of Natioanl Assembly has organized an evaluation subcommittee related to the fire in Jecheon in about 1 year after the tragecy, its schedule has been delayed.
The province, who has judged that such action is violating the article 30 and 23 of Clean Air Consevation Act, will take administrative measures such as work stoppage in the 2nd blast furnace for 10 days as well as suspension of its use, and will accuse to the prosecution as well.
Besides, from Hyundai Oilbank Corporation, it has decided to expose breakdown of apparatus related to prevention facility as well as details of damage negligence, and to charge a fine of 2 million won along with giving a warning.
Part of players had notified of their intention not to attend, but some had been held due to reasons of delay in visa issurance as well as game schedule of their own team, and injury as well.
The industry is forecasting that the market size of global personal mobility like electric kickboard will reach from 4000 billion won in 2015 to 26 trillion won in 2030.
In 'Leftover Parking Lot' in which the front city/province purchase an old house located in old downtown area, and the province pays the intallation fee in order to use it as a small-sized parking space, 7 cities/provinces such as Yongin/Seongnam/Ansan-si City are participating.
As Iran declared, if it resumes uranium enrichment activity after 60 days, it actually becomes the same as restoring nueclear weapons program.
If Iran produces high-enriched uranium of more than 20% and operates heavy-water nuclear reactor, it can obtain plutonium which is a material for nulear weapon.
In addition, as playing more than 8 innings for two consecutive games, he has proved himself that there is no aftereffect of injury after he had been voluntarily knocked out due to groin injury at the game against Saint Louis Cardinals on 9th of last month.
In other areas such as Daejeon, Gwangju, and Busan as well as the capital area, the daily temprature range will be over 14 degress that its range will be large.
For sedan, there are 11 car models including K3/K7/Carnival of Kia Motors, Santafe/Ioniq Electric of Hyundai Motor, Trax 1.4/Bolt EV of GM Korea Company, SM5 of Renault Samsung Motors, Camry Hybrid of Toyota, E300 of Mercedes Benz, and Accord Hybrid of Honda.
Shin-Soo Cho, who stepped back with strikeout and groundball towards the 1st base man at the batter's box twice earlier, made a safe hit to right field at the third batter's box in the first half of 5th inning.
Airar Company Corporation, which is a company of developing AR contents for the first time in the country, has opened Trickeye Museum of AR museum for the first time in the world and has also registered a patent of AR sketch solution for education which Seong Hoon Oh, the representative of Airair Company, has developed himself, that it is putting spurts to expanding field of business.
Lucas Moura, who made this process, has done great being enough to receive full mark(10 points), and Heung-Min Son has recived 7.9 points of the second highest.
Heung-Min Son is laughing with Hugo Lloris and Toby Alderweireld, sitting at the second line from the back and fourth seat from the right.
Besides, Unduryeong, which has been taken place as the entry of climbing Gyebangsan Mountain, is the highest hill with the national highway passing through that it is a place where you can see the backbone of Baekdudaegan Mountain Range at a glance.
The victory of England Tottenham Hotspur at the 2nd round in the semifinal of 2018-2019 Union of European Football Association(UEFA) Champions League is a result made by tactical ability of the coach Mauricio Pochettino and attacking instict of veteran offense Fernando Llorente.
As if it inherits the spirit of Johan Cruyff who has passed down 'Total soccer' to the world, Ajax has knocked down the defensive force of Tottenham with its strong organizational power.
Matthijs de Ligt, a representative defender of Ajax, scored a goal on 4 minutes in the first half of the game, and Hakim Ziyech of a wing forward succeeded in scoring an additional goal with the left-footed shot on 35 minutes in the first half of the game as well.
The coach Pochettino replaced Victor Wanyama of a central midfielder who hasn't shown a particular activity in the first half with Llorente of an offense. 
Even the captain Matthijs de Ligt, who has grown up as a central defender to whom the entire Europe over Netherlands is paying attention, couldn't beat up Llorente in an air superiority competition.
In last March, both companies have selected about 300 artists who will show the 2nd creative work in total of 5 fields such as private store, costume play, and artwork.
After completion, special supports for finding employment such as lecture on writing a regime as well as interview skills, providing a study room, and job counseling are also provided.
The fact that Anthony Rendon, Juan soto, and Victor Robles are all hitting a home run makes it as a subject to be on guard.
This exhibition, which presents recent cosmetics and new technology related to beauty industry at one place, has a scale of 500 boothes and about 400 of small and medium-sized companies have participated.
These organizations also critized that even if Wolpyeong park of private specialized business has been encoutering continuous opposition of citizens, the city hasn't properly reflected it. 
Earlier City Planning Commission of Daejeon-si City has decided conditional acceptance on 'Determination of Non-park in Exception Business of Development Activity in Wolpyeong park Jeongnim District as well as Plan for Details of Landscape' in the afternoon of a day before.
Pohang-si City is planning to reinforce TTP of breakwater as well as extend lighters wharf at places such as 2 places including the one in Songna-myeon Township as a local fishing point with 400 million won of working expense and 14 places including the one in Hwajin 2-ri, Songna-myeong Township as a small scale fishing point with the business expense of 2.8 billion won.
Homigot-myeon Township has 7 ports around it and also has Homi peninsula Dulle-gil street, Haeparang-gil Street, and Sunrise square that through this business, it is expected to take its place as major base for tourism by having constructed more solid tourism infrastructure.
According Chungju police station of Chungbuk, Mr. A was arrested in the scence on suspicion of obstruction of justice while brandishing a deadly weaspon towards 2 police men and 1 of mental hospital's ambulance crew in his studio located in Chungju, Chungbuk at 5:23 a.m. on 9th.
The government is grasping the situation in a way that as domestic situation has been affected complexly by anxious international factor of Chinese government being tit-for-tat to America's pressure on increasing duty and slump in export, it maximizes the tension of exchage rate market.
On this day, Chinese Department of Commerce stated that after it performs a final review about anti-dumping duties on American steel, it will be able to extend supplementally.
The foreign press considers it as a tit-for-tat for pressure of which U.S. President Donald Trump insists it can impose additional duties on Chinese products.
Atnow corporation stated that it will enforce '2019 Funny History Trip Audio Commentary Content Fam Tour' in Ulsan/Pohang/Gyeongju for overnight from May 22 to 23 as a part of 'Korea Tour Best 10'.
Thoso, who participated in 2019 men's volleyball tryout being placed in Toronto, Canada, delivered their impressions of coming back through the interview on 7th(local time).
Some people say they lack in condition and drive, but since they are the players who are sufficiently verified, there is no different opinion on nomination matter.
Iran has given an ultimatum that if U.S's high strengh sanction against Iran is lifted within the next 60 days, it will resume the overall nuclear development like production of high-enriched uranium. 
While Chinese military aircraft flying, which has been come in and out KADIA like an usual training until last February, has come to lull, at this time, Russian military aircraft has come into KADIZ.
Earlier while a public official of Daegu city hall worked as a head of architecture in Suseong-gu District, he was being suspiciuos of receiving treat (about 12 million won) such as green fees as well as accomodation fee, and meal expenses through 64 times from 17 constructors that it became a problem 
The Bank of Korea considered slowdown in the volume of worldwide trade, export decrease of semiconductor as well as petroleums, and inactivity of the export trade toward China, as main reasons.
There is a large perspective that in the second half, following the rebound in China's demand and stabilization in semiconductor unit price, good balances will be restored, and service account balance's deficit will be decreased by restoration of tourism.
Applicants to fire-fighting officers are doing a sit-up at the new recruitment of Busan-si City fire-fighting officers which is held in Gangseo Gymnasium in Busan on 8th.
As a result of inversigation, endangered plan species of alpine needleleaf trees are living in 31 of producing areas in the country, and the entire distributed area reaches 12,094ha which is 0.19% of fores area in the country.
On a national scale, it is assumed that there are 2.65 million Korean fir distributed in 6939ha, 980,000 Khingan fir in 3690ha, and 30,000 spruce in 418ha.
The region with highest degree of decline for each species is 39% in Hallasan Mountain for Korean fir, 38% in Sobaeksan Mountain for Khingan fir, and 25% in Jirisan Mountain for spruce.
Jin Young Ko, who is ranked no.1 in women's golf in the world, is showing a pose of an iron shot by participating as a model in presentation event of 'COOLSHOT 20 G II' which is a laser range-finding device for Nikon Imaging Korea Golf, being held in Lotte Hotel in Jung-gu District, Seoul on 8th.
On the other hand, this controversy is an incident of showing a bare face of current Korean men's volleyball team who has been endless far away from world's semi-final in 40 years ago.
Deok Hyun Jeong of critic of popular culture wrote like this as he was covering a KBS 1TV educational program 'Feast on the Road' on a online media in last January.
The production staffs even invited people of whom it was hard to see on terrestial broadcasting in a while such as victims of media report or family of laborer who died of leukemia while working in a semiconductor factory of Samsung Electronics. 
This year at Hwacheon Science Festival, raising a snail as well as creating kaleidoscope, creating constellation universe stand, purification plant, coin sorting coin box, Ozobot coding education and creating a 3D pen using character will be proceeded.
Suwon-si City stated on 10th that it has recently published 'Fine Dust Reduction City Forest Construction Manual' which easily explains ways to construct a city forest so that anyone can do it just by reading the manual.
With a purpose of lowering annual average concentration of fine particulate matter to 18㎍/㎥ until 2022, Suwon-si City has started to construct Suwon Arboretum, 1.25 million Suwon citizens/1.25 million trees planting, Green Curtain, and constructing a roof garden that it has been taking a lead in expanding a city forest with its citizens.
On 28th last month, the season batting average of Jung Ho Kang, who had been silent in 8 consecutive games starting from the game against LA Dodgers, has been decreased to 0.135 with 12 hits in 89 bats.
From now on, Youth Komji will be used as a place for local youth's creative activity, and it will greet the youth with various programs adjusted to viewpoints of youth.
Due to a characteristic of V League in which score pressure mostly leans on foreign players, tall height and high hitting points have been considered as essential virtues.
Philadelphia won against Toronto Raptors with a score of 112 to 101 in the 6th game of 2018-2019 NBA Eastern Conference Playoff round 2 which was held in Wells Fargo Center of Philadelphia, PA, USA on 10th (Korean time).
This appointment ceremony has a purpose of strengthening the promotion of Cheorwon area by appointing citizens having a same name of the region 'Cheorwon' as honorary county residents.
Chungnam-do Province and 15 city/county councils within the province have decided to cooperate together in order to solve various pending issues in the region like appointing Chungnam Innovation City.
After participants discussed about common countermeasure for securing government budget for the next year, they proceeded insisting for Chungnam Innovation City appointment, insisting for early closure of old coal-fired electrical power plant, and choosing a insisting resolution on Dangjin/Pyeongtaekhang Harbor landfill Chungnam-do Province reversion decision as well.
The business profit has been decreased by 4% with the amount of 52.6 billion 1 million yen (approximately 536.7 billion won) over the same period in the previous year, but the net profit has been increased by 15% with the amount of 53.4 billion yen (approximately 544.9 billion won).
Foreign tourists came to '2019 Cosmobeauty Seoul' held in Coex in Gangnam-gu District, Seoul, and were experiencing a waxing.
Amazon has already shown Amazon Prime Video Service in the country, and OTT of Apple and Disney will be arrived at Korea soon.
According to market research institution, IHS Markit, last year's subscribers of the world online streaming (watching in real time) such as Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon have been increased by 37% compared to the previuos year with a number of 6.133 million people that it passed the number of cable TV subscribers (5.56 million people). 
着 is a Chinese letter which has a meaning of sticking it hard so that it isn't taken off as it is used in the word, adherence (附着 付着) with a meaning of stikcing it hard or hanging up, and also used in the word, close relationship (癒着) with a meaning of objects being united with a deep relationship each other like 'close relations between politics and business'. 
While it has been a shock that the actress Soo Hyun Cho (real name Eun Sook Cho/37) had tried committing an extreme choice, a person with the same name, actress Soo Hyun Cho(34) revealed that it wasn't her.
By this fire, among 120㎡ of apartment, most of them were burned, but as the family in the house and 103 residents living in the same apartment complex evacuated urgently, there was no loss of lives. 
Isa Opdahl went out to the sea by taking a boat at a port of Norway Hammerfes with his friends on last 6th.
Swiss Dormitory has given a message of practicing the resistance by walking backwards through showing a performance video of blue-collar men wearing reversed shoes.
A Swiss artist, Christoph Buchel has presented a work of an anchord ship in which 80 Tunisian refugees lost their lives due to rollover accident in 2015 by briging it from Arsenale.
An English writer, Ed Atkins's extraordinariness of imagination like 'Babies falling into sandwich fillings' has grasped the footmark.
They were mostly works of icons but various works like bible verses written in calligraphy and works of natural scenary can be seen as well.
It has been revealed that 4 places of exposed measurement agencies have untruthfully issued or fabricated the measurement record for 235 business places who asked for measurement for last 4 years from 2015. 
Local residents of Yeosu area has been holding a rally every day and asking for suspension of factory operation, cancellation of business license, and residents health effect evaluation.
Following the related legislations, Jeonnam-do Province has charged a fine of 2 million won on company of fabricating emission of air pollutant matter, and has notified 6 months of suspension of business on company of measurement agency.
In order to prepare a fundamental comprehensive countermeasures, Jeonnam-do Province has formed a private/public governance committee and had the 1st meeting on last 7th.
Stefano Tsitsipas(9th/Greece) has overwhelmed Rafael Nadal(2nd/Spain) after playing a seesas game of 2 hours and 34 minutes and advanced to the final at men's singles semi-final match of ATP Tour Masters Mutua Madrid Open which is held in Caja Magica Stadium of Madrid, Spain on 12th(Korean time).
It's more meaningful especially since solider of combat stress reaction, maladjusted solcier, new entrant soldier, and solider of military discipline education corp are all doing the community service together.
It's one of fatigue duties of pastor Park and marines to look for reserve marines who are fighting against diseases in sanitarium.
Ond day, when I suddenly looked at paintings of Hye Jung vacantly, I wondered whether I really know the ways to look at those paintings.
If it was a professional baseball, it was a situation of 'groundout to shortstop' to be passed without much feeling, but for these, it was a big pleasure to clearly handle the situation.
Ministers of Nadulmok Community Church (Pastor Hyoung Kuk Kim) as well as its members who have become associated with people of self-support, and psychiatric specialists all have registered as players together.
On last 3rd, the one received a water attack as he visited Gwangju to participate in a rally of denouncing the fast track (designation of items to be handled quickly) of 4 opposing parties, but the one will take a lead again to get back the public sentiment of Honam area.
Even if representative Hwang visits Gwangju, it has a purpose of confirming him 'angry popular sentiment' by never looking at his eyes, not talking to him, and not shaking hands together. 
The government, which has succeeded in introducing Gwangju Employment in last January, has decided to choose 2, 3 additional places within the first half of this year.
Whiel the possibility is half and half between settlement of negotiation and intensification of controversy, the country which is expected to have more severe damage is China than the United States.
A 41 years old woman writer who has been received a Turner Prize of an authoritative prize in England, Laure Prouvost used a metaphor in the problem of coexistence with other species by suggesting 'liquid human' through video work with a name of 'Deep See Blue Surrounding You' and installation as well.
Hyun-jin Ryu, who has pitched a shutout against Atlanta Braves, has lowerd his season earned run average to 1.72 by continuing on not losing a point in consecutive 25 innings recently.
The residents of this town can ride a taxi to the designated places such as eup town/myeon township location determined by the town by only paying the same price for bus(cash) that it is 1300 won for adults, 1000 won for middle/high school students, and 650 won for elementary students.
The number of accumulated users last year are 19,715 people and number of uses are 13,486 times that 54 residents including riding together used it 37 times a day on average.
Since it has taken its place as an important transportation which is indispensable for the outback town and it even provides a difference between bus fare directly in compensation money, it has been evaluated as a helpful policy to taxi industry as well.
According to the fire department, a landlord Mr.A (86), who evacuated from the 1st floor of the house on fire, showed a symptom like difficulty in breathing and was moved to a near hospital but passed away.
In this community service, 41 people of executive volunteers from Smilegate Group participated that from the early morning to the evening, they worked with sweat running down in beads for the wall and roof framework of about 10 timber caravan houses which will be delivered to residents in the region damaged by forest fire in Gangwon-do Province.
Jeju-do Province and Jeju National Tourism stated on 13th that in order to attract foreign medical tourists, they participated in '2019 International Medical Tourism Fair' held in Hanoi, Vietnam and earnestly promoted its medical service which has been engrafted with Jeju's natural environment in cooperation with medical institution in Jeju area.
This fair, in which about 15,000 people participated including medical institutions and parties related to medical tourism company from 30 countries throughout the world, has prepared a business counselling session with foreign medical tourism hosting company in about 600 booths.
Medical promotion team also visited a local medical institution and looked around its medical system, and also had a business negotiation for joint cooperation business excavation with local medical team as well.
Meanwhile, in order to invite high value added medical tourists for a long stay, Jeju-do Island has been developing a continuous marketing for an emerging market such as starting from Southeast Asia as well as Japan, Middle East, Russia, Kazakhstan, and Mongol. 
According to statistics of Jeju National Tourism, by the standard of 2017, the number of patients who visited our country from the Southeast Asia were 24,331 people, and among them, Vietnam patients were 7,447 people (30.6%) that it was the highest.
Chungnam-do Province/Seocheon-gun District stated on 13th that Seocheon-gun District's 'Family Vacation Linked with World Heritage/Experience Tour Activation Business' has been finally chosen for '2019 Pilot Project of Local Tour Resources Development for Public Participation Plan' of Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism. 
This business, which is being promoted from this year to 2023, is a business of installing experience tour facilities in 439,443㎡ of Seocheon-gun District Janghang-eup Town Songnim/Jangam-ri area as well as activating tourism in west coast area and local economy.
In the seminar, Beon Soon Park of a Korea Univesity professor in department of economy statistics will present 'ASEAN economy's present condition and cooperation', and Yoon Seong Shin of a head of new southern policy industry team in Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade will present 'Progression plan for Busan company to enter ASEAN - Vietnam, Indonesia as a center'. 
Under this condition, the observation has been raised that Trump administration who are currently having a pro-Israel policy will even give the West Bank settlement to Israel.
The contruction business of Unaksan Mountain tourism town which will start in 2020 after going through administrative procedures and will be completed in 2024 as a goal, will be pushed ahead stage by stage by doing things such as environmental improvement of tourism town like installing pedestrian overpass and entry, and preparing the place for cultural base, tourism guide facility improvement, and business of strengthening tourism capacity.
In this case, if it receives 4.9 billion won of province expense for construction business of Unaksan Mountain tourism town which currently has planned the business expense of 5.8 billion won, the gun District only has to pay 15% of 900 million won.
Following such result, the gun District is planning to put its all energy to strategically place construction business of Unaksan Mountain tourism town on high rank in selection of local balance development business plan of Gyeonggi-do Province so that it can be favorable to receive immediate business budget. 
It was because among governor's pledged businesses, it can be promoted as 3 political businesses such as utilization of tourism resources like ecological space as well as historical site trail, connecting circulating Dulle-gil Street of Gyeonggi-do Province, and history/culture/ecology tourism course development.
As a result of climate change which has been observed a lot these days, the surface tempature has been increased, and concentration of carbon dioxide(CO2) getting higher every day has been pointed out as a reason as well.
People with a predisposition to allergy have to work on keeping a quality(work and life balance) of normal life while controlling the symptom through usually receiving proper treatment. 
Here if the economy recovery of Eurozone appears earlier than expected, as strong pressure of dollar value subsides, it can be helpful to the financial market in the country.
Continuing on hatching 2 young birds by incubating eggs alternatively between male and female intermediate egret, on 8th, the remaining 1 young bird has also hatched.
Jeju-do Island stated on 12th that SN Garden Corporation has designated/notified construction business of 'Songdang Farming and Fishing Village Tourism Resort Complex' on last 8th which will be promoted by investing the total amount of 7.8 billion won into 67,000㎡ site until 2021. 
In Songdang Farming and Fishing Village Tourism Resort Complex, there will be basic facilities like agriculture exhibit facility/learning center, recreational facilities like stone cultural center/mutipurpose grass yard, and local specialty sales facility/farming experience facility (Jeju nature experience center, local specialty experience center).
Construction business of Songdang Farming and Fishing Village Tourism Resort Complex will be carried forward after it has been through administrative procedure like development business enforcement approval process by article 147 of Jeju Special Act, and has been completed in development business enforcement approval as well as notification.
Ulsan has won the match against Jeonbuk with a score of 2 to 1 by owing the strength to goals of In Sung Kim and Bo Kyun Kim at round 11 of K League 1, which took place in Munsu World Cup Stadium on 12th.
Ulsan has won Jeonbuk at home for the first time after it won with a score of 2 to 0 by having a goal of Shin Wook Kim who belonged to the team at that time on September 9 in 2015.
Earlier, Edward Gaming (EDG, China) and RNG have won the victory trophy, but both teams have failed in conquering League of Legends World Championship.
Smilegate Entertainment stated on 14th that they have opened an official website of 'FOCUS on YOU' which is a romance adventure VR game and 'Rogan (ROGAN : The Thief in the Castle)' which is a infiltration action adventure VR game, both of which they self-developed.
To daycare center, the package of environment-friendly agricultural product which has been produced in the region with a value of 1083 won a day for 1 child, is directly delivered through Okcheon Houskeeping Cooperative. 
For the next 3 weeks, the city will be monitoring whether there are additional patients occurred, and if there is no more infectee, it will end the epidemic situation.
This mass measles incident has begun as a seven month old girl who lives in Gongju-si City of Chungnam showed a cold symptom after she had been to Vietnam with her mother. 
In order to block out the diffusion, while the city elevated a head of emergency operation facility in infection disease to a deputy of administration, it also supported accelerated vaccination for 5-11 month old babies who hasn't come the inoculation schedule. 
Through this process, it has found out the fact that pole plate washing water, which was made on the floor after overflowing from a setting tank within the factory, flew into spill block out facility within the factory, and it has also discovered the fact that the pipe of which it can flow into spill block out facility without going through dewatering outlets in water waste disposal facility was installed as well.
About this fact, Ministry of Environment recognized that it each violated Article 38 Protocol 1 Section 1 and Section 2 of Water Environment Preservation Act, and reported to Gyeongbuk-do Province of having an authority to dispose.
It was orginally a violation fact to receive 10 days of closedown for each, but since it belonged to 2nd violation following flourine disposal facility wash water spill incident in last February which is currently having an adiministrative litigation, it receives aggregated measure of 3 months and 30 days each.
In the opening game against Hanwha Eagles on last March 23, it allowed 2 runs over 5.2 innings, 2 runs(1 earned run) over 7 innings in the game against Samsung Lions on last March 29, and 1 run over 6.1 innings in the game against Kia Tigers on last 9th.
President Shim has been doing an active corporate social activitivies such as providing a stable electiriy as well as sharing and volunteer service for local residents.
Prince Andrew, the second son of Queen Elizabeth II of England, visited Hahoe Village in Pungcheon-myeon Township, Andong-si City, Gyeongbuk-Province in the afternoon of 14th, and was looking around the village receiving the guidance from related party.
Both cities are carrying forward 7 projects and 32 businesses by investing 1 trillion won into 63.34km for 10 years from this coming year to 2025.
Earlier Chungnam bus labor and management have processed a negitioation through 6 times from last February 22 to 8th of this month, but they haven't reached the agreement.
This 'mountain of trash' is a waste left by a company being in the middle of dealing with construction waste who received permission in 1999 and privately used the near city land without permission at that time and carried the amount of storage over the permitted limit and left it in that mountain.
The business license of the company who left a waste had been canceled on December 20 in 2016, and the relevant site was set as a park facility in 2019 but due to a mountain of waste, it was difficult to carry out the park cunstruction business.
Sung Hoon Kang, who has recorded the total of 23 under par 161, has kissed on the PGA victory trophy for the first time in his life, leading Mat Every(36) and Scott Piercy by 2 shots.
Sung Hoon Kang, who shot 61 of a tie record at round 2 which ended on last 11th, raised the expectation for his first victory by leading the 2nd group with 4 shots.
Due to postponement of sunset, Sung Hoon Kang had to play the rest of 9 holes along with 18 holes of round 4, but he didn’t lose his concentration by controlling his strength.
For a month starting from the 4th of last month, Jeonju-si City has been processing a signature-seeking campaign in 2 ways of paper and mobil with a goal of 300,000 people which is about the half of Jeonju-si City population(660,000people).
Legally specialized city is an administrative name given to the 'city with more than 1 million population' in Local Government Act, and if it is appointed as a specialized city, tax revenue of more than 100 billion won yearly increases and the number of administrative organizations also increases that it can directly negotiate with the government without going through the province.
Besides Jeonju, Seongnam(Gyeonggi) and Chungju(Chungbuk) all fall short of population of 1 million people, but stating the reasons of having lots of administrative demand and balanced national development, they are asking for designation of legally specialized city.
Also, at the World Health Organization(WHO) regular general meeting which will take place in Switzerland this month, International Classification of Disease 11(ICD-11), which has registered a game overindulgence as a disease, will be apporved.
Near the eastern part territorial waters of United Arab Emirates(UAE) around which has Hormuz Straits of transport route of crude oil, including 2 oil tankers of Saudi Arabia, many ships from different countries have been attacked one after the other.
According to Chungju-si City, it held a coordination meeting for about 1 hour at Chungju Regional Labor Relations Commition at 6p.m. on this day, but they couldn't find an agreement that they prorogued the meeting until 11p.m.
4 labor and management of Chungju city bus, such as Chungsin Transportation/Dongil Transportation/Chungju Transportation/Hansung Transportation, are having a war of nerves for wage increase and extension of retirement age.
The city will be running 177 buses (including 10 buses of public office buses) around major main roads by putting 141 buses for 20 regular routes and 36 buses for temporary routes including reserved cars of the company which didn't participate in the strike.
4 labor and management of bus company in Chungju-si City of Chungbuk, which were having a conflict over the wage adjustment issue followed by introduction of 52 working hours per a week policy, agreed with the company to extend a day of negotiation and put off the strike scheduled on 15th.
The main issues of this labor and management negotation are 7.5 increase of wage or salary class, extension of retirement age(age 65), and company's being responsible for all the cost of drivers' insurance.
The competition for no.1 forward among Giannis Antetokounmpo(25/Milwaukee Bucks), Kawai Leonard(28/Toronto Raptors), and Kevin Durant(31/Golden State Warriors) attracks attention just as much as team's victory.
He has made his team to be no.1 in the western conference by recording a season average 26 points, 6.4 rebounds, and 5.9 assists, but he played even more actively in spring baseketball.
At this tryout in which many of famous experienced players participated, both team have selected new faces who weren't widely known.
Even if there are knotty problems ahead, Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport and Metropolitan Transport Committee have not revealed details of ways to tranfer the task. 
The city played a role as a mediator by personally visiting the nagotiating table, and as it finally drew a concession from both sides, it quickly reversed the situation which was going towards a strike.
Third, for street cleaning, until now, it is cleaning the street with using 23 garbage trucks run directly by the city and 89 garbage trucks of gun District/gu Borough.
Recently, while it has presented a plan of SK Hynix investing 122 trillion won into Yongin Semiconductor Cluster and Samsung investing 133 trillion won into system semiconductor, using this plan, Gyeonggi-do Province will create occupations and construct an exemplary coexistent cluster which grows along with major company as well as small and medium-sized business.
In addition, the province is also planning to support the establishement of coexistent center which has creative research place of major/small and medium-sized companies and education center within Yongin Semiconductor Cluster, and contrcut a coexistent fund which provides fund to technical innovation company which has a technology related to semiconductor equipment and material parts. 
According to the data of Korea Semiconductor Industry Association, among 252 semiconductor companies in the country, those who have their addresses in Gyeonggi-do Province are 162 companies that it is tripled from 50 companies in Seoul of the 2nd place.
Yongin Platform City is a future complex independent city mingled with a high-tech industry as well as place for commerce, living, culture, and welfare, which will be constructed in the site of 2.7㎢ (approximately 830,000 pyeong) in Bojeong-dong and Mabuk-dong of Giheung-gu District in Yongin and the whole area of Singal-dong.
Around Yongin Platform City, there are head offices of large sized pharmaceutical firms like Green Cross Mark and Il-Yang Pharm, and production/research development (R&D) facility, and at near Mabuk Research Complex (R&D), there are 9 businesses moved in like Hyundai Mobis and Hyundai Motor Research Complex that the industrial foundation is very much solid.
The city appointed 28 electricity meterman and 23 gas metermen as '#곁지기#(honorary social welfare public official)', who voluntarily participate in finding out households in a critical situation within the local community by being at a honorary position with nonpayment that it got prepared a cooperative system with public/private organizations.
It is also planning to support households being in a crisis due to social risks such as childbirth, nuture, unemployment, old age, disability, poverty as well as death.
The reported household being in a crisis will receive a customized welfare service or case management connected with a private organization through receiving a quick check on the site by administration welface center of eup Town/myeon Township/dong.
In the afternoon of this day, Ulsan-si City urgently deployed 70 of chartered buses as well as commuting buses of public officials into the route of commuting to work and to school, and started to promote an urgent measure like full cancellation of taxi free system and car/public parking lot free system as well.
Ulsan-si City Education Office also ordered each elemetary/middle/high school to temporarily close the school or adjust the commuting time depending on the judgement of the principal that 14 schools were closed temporarily and 12 schools adjusted the time from 30 minutes to 2 hours.
Eugenio Suarez hit 12 home runs in this season, and Derek Dietrich and Jesse Winker each have a record of 10 and 9 home runs.
Yeongdeok-gun District carries out various support businesses with local fishery resources by securing a sufficient budget, and Yeongdeok Lohas Sea Food Support Center also puts its effort in promoting local specialties as well as improving quality of products, raising the productivity, and research development.
A shopping mall application provides various functions for customer's convenience of shopping that it is useful to increase its competitiveness in securing loyal cunstomers.
It is not only helpful for operating online shopping mall, but is also able to receive a statistics program along with other variuos app funcions as well.
It can not only cut the app development cost or producing time, but also can have a consistent upgrade and maintenance support that they are considered as its strength in service.
Sellers can expand their point of contact through operating shopping mall application, and can also suggest optimized shopping environment.
Meanwhile, Godo Mall will have a free service support event for 6 months from the point of becoming a member along with providing discount benefit, commemorating the release of service until June 30.
In order to grasp the situation of farm and for follow-up management, the city will be receiving membership application at enterprise organization until 31st of this month, and it wil be receiving helper application from the 3rd of next month.
Earlier Seoul High Court rejected at the appellate trial of injunction incident for suspension of Truth and Future Committee's activity, sued by KBS public trade union of a conservative minority union, breaking up the judgement of the 1st trial.
Truth and Future Committee has been installed in last June after inauguration of President Yang for preventing the recurrence of unfair report and unjust disciplinary action which happened at KBS in the past and for planning to normalize it.
Jong Kyu Kim who has been considered as the biggest FA player in this season, couldn't finalize a negotiation for recarther with Changwon LG of his original affiliated team.
Besides, the total of 20 players including Kim Sang Kyu(Electroland), Jeong Hee Jae(Jeonju KCC), Chon Tae Poong(KCC), Choi Hyun Min(KGC), and Han Jeong Won(Wonju DB) have begun to negotiate with the other clubs.
In seminconductor and display area, this company is carrying forward a business of 3 fields such as washing equipment components, coating, and creating precision parts.
Jin Goo Yeo, Min Ah, and Jong Hyun Hong are having a pose, participating in the press conference of SBS new Wednesday and Thursday evening drama 'My Absolute Boyfriend' which is held in Mokdong SBS in the afternoon of 15th.
While both countries' conflict is getting extreme, even the idea of massive dispatch of military troops from U.S. has come out that the concern has been arisen on possibility of reviving an Iraq war.
In Security Council in which this plan has been reported, Shanahan of acting as proxy as well as John Bolton of National Security Advisor of the U.S., Joseph Dunford of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gina Haspel of Director of Central Intelligence Agency(CIA), and Dan Coats of Director of National Intelligence(DNI) participated.
Iran has threatened that if the western nations' restriction on financial transaction and oil export has not been lifted within 60 years, it can resume on developing nuclear weapons again.
It was because as the government stated that it will abolish the benefit of separate taxation granted on private equity fund possessed land, the amount of tax which the fund has to pay has been increased.
In the American League, Mike Fiers (Oakland Athletics), who recorded a no-hitter against the Cincinnati Reds on the 8th, and George Springer (Houston Astros), who had a weekly batting average of 0.519 (5 homers), were recorded.
SmartThings Air provides a forecast of fine dust to help predict and prepare for changes in air quality, and it is also possible to receive notifications only for the items that interest you by selecting them, such as fine dust (PM10), ultrafine dust (PM1.0, PM2.5) or household gas.
Shin Hak-chul went through hardships as the National Security Law ruled his piece "Monaegi," which metaphorized his desire for unification through barbershop-slike rural lanscapes, as a work that expressed treachery.
Up to 2 athletes per country can compete at the Olympics, but up to 4 are allowed to compete in a country that contains 3 or more athletes within the top 15 in the world rankings.
Doosan Corporation will enter the "Distribution Automation Solution" project, which controls and manages the entire process from warehousing in the distribution center to moving, storing and transporting products.
Chilgok-gun is making all-out efforts to reach to a population of 150,000, which is the promotion standard of a "si (#시#)," while Wanju-gun is also putting forward its future vision to leap forward with the goal of 2025.
In order to meet the pros and cons of the participants, the city asked the opinions of those who wanted to attend in advance, and matched the ratio of about 400 citizens to 40% for and against and 20% for reservations.
It is a very familiar competition to Koreans as Yang Yong-eun (age 47), became the first Asian to win a major title in 2009 by defeating Tiger Woods, the "golf emperor."
Under the premise that Woods wins the title, if Dustin Johnson (age 35, U.S.), who is currently No. 1, falls outside the top 10, and Justin Rose (age 39, England) and Brooks Koepka, who are respectively No.2 and No.3, do not win the 2nd place, Woods will take the 1st place.
Koepka took the U.S. Open and PGA Championship trophies last year, and is strong in major tournaments, as he also finished as 2nd place at this year's Masters.
Including Yang Yong-eun, a total of 5 South Korean players will participate in the event: Kang Sung-hoon (age 32), who won his first PGA Tour title at At&T Byron Nelson last week, Ahon Byung-hoon (age 28), Kim Si-woo (age 24), and Lim Sung-jae (age 21).
Yang Yong-eun has been assigned to the all-time champion's group and will hit a tee shot with John Daly and Rich Beem on the 10th hole at 1:54 a.m. on the 17th.
It is the title of the article in the LA Times on the 14th (in local times) co-authored by Colin Kahl, co-director of the Center for International Security and Cooperation at Stanford University, and Jon Wolfsthal, former senior director for Arms Control and Nonproliferation at the National Security Council.
It is a warning that there are signs of a crisis everywhere, as National Security Adviser John Bolton is controlling the Donald Trump administration's foreign policy.
Indeed, since Bolton came to the fore, key U.S. external issues, including North Korea, Iran and Venezuela, have been deteriorating.
They say that it is the result of Bolton repeatedly pressuring the Supreme Leader of North Korea Kim Jong Un to take an intransigent attitude.
After becoming Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security under the George W. Bush administration, he/she broke the Geneva agreement and helped bring about a 2nd North Korean nuclear crisis.
Knowing that the world will be different, and understanding which direction the government, businesses and universities are moving is critical in educating our children to grow up to be influential members of society.
Choi, who has run a private moneylending business with a very high interest, was found to have detained and even kidnapped his junior colleague, whom he lent 2 million won, telling him he would "sell him to an island," demanding him to pay back 36 million won, including interest.
Choi, a local gang member in Yeonggwang, Jeollanam-do Province, threatened with a beer bottle his junior colleague A, who borrowed a small amount of money from him in September last year, taking away 12 million won.
In April, he forced another junior B in his 20s, whom he lent 2 million won, to write an IOU, demanding him to pay back 36 million won, including interest.
In fact, from 2007 to last year, a total of 98 traffic accidents occurred in this section, resulting in 4 deaths and 163 injuries, causeing a steady stream of complaints from local residents and Chungnam Natioinal University to remove it.
An exclusive lane increased from 270m, 2 places to 322, 2 places in the Gung-dong intersection direction, and from 140m, 2 places to 313m, 3 places in the Chungnam University's vet school direction.
The Meteorological Human Resources Development Institute, which will be located in Gwanghyewon-myoen, Jincheon-gun, aims start construction in the second half of this year and complete it in 2020, as a four-story building on 69,000㎡ of land with a total project cost of 38.5 billion won.
The center is responsible for education of 60,000 people annually, including people from central government agencies, local governments and public institutions who are subject to legal training in weather and climate, as well as those who work in the disaster safety department.
The selected schools will bring together students, parents and school officials to consider colors that fit the school's characteristics and select the school's color design with the help of experts.
After completing the painting work in some 500 places, including classrooms, by October this year, the plan is to expand the target schools after verifying the effects with a post-evaluation.
In detail, the high-speed railway project suffered a net loss of 24.3 billion won during the term due to lower fees than the investment cost, but it recouped its losses by achieving a net profit of 189.5 billion won during the term in the asset management business and other areas, the data showed.
In fact, the Korea Rail Network Authority reduced its total debt by 160.9 billion won year-on-year based on increased profits through the use of state-owned assets and reduced financial costs.
Chungcheongnam-do Province and the city of Cheonan believe that the selection of the No. 1 ranking was due to a combination of excellent positions, abundant social infrastructure and citizens' interest in soccer.
In fact, Gasan-ri, Ipjang-myeon in Cheonan, which was suggested by the Cheonan provincial government as a candidate site for NFC, is very close to the North Cheonan IC of Gyeongbu Expressway, and can reached Korea's major cities in less than an hour through KTX and the Seoul metropolitan subway and highway.
Edwin Jackson (age 36) went on the mound in the official Major League Baseball (MLB) game in the uniform of his 14th team, the Toronto Blue Jays, and set a record for playing in the most teams in MLB record history.
Jackson started the game against the 2019 MLB San Francisco Giants at Oracle Park in San Francisco, California, on the 16th (in Korean time).
If residents whose crops are damaged by harmful animals report to the Uljin County Office's Forest Department and the eup & myeon office, the Harmful Wild Animal Damage Prevention Team goes to the scene to capture the animal.
The committee said it selected Lee Dae-Kong as the winner after carefully reviewing the nominees' achievements, judging that his achievement was a model for 520,000 citizens.
If a prior contact with another club is found to be true during negotiation with the original club, the club that contacted will be deprived of the right to nominate new players and the player will be suspended for 2 years, as it is a violation of an important regulation.
Park Inbee, who also beat Heo Dabeen by 4 holes the previous day, won the title for the second straight day, sharing the lead in group 1 with Jang Eun Soo with 2 points.
OLED TVs that are made like this will be moved to the product storehouse after completing additional quality checks on functions, sound quality, and high temperature durability for 48 hours.
Kim Young-joo, head of the Korea International Trade Association, who is visiting the U.S. leading a private economic delegation composed of 16 local companies, including Hyundai Motor and POSCO, asked the U.S. Department of Commerce to exclude South Korea from the list subject to Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act on Imported Cars.
Korea International Trade Association said on the 14th (in local time) that Kim met with U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross in Washington, D.C. and stressed that the U.S. government would be more flexible in areas such as investment, visas and imports.
It is a service that works with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft (MS), and Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) company Cadence and Synopsys to provide a cloud environment that is proven to be fast and secure.
Fabless companies can use process design kits, design methodologies, automated design tools, and design assets provided by Samsung Electronics and its partners through this service.
About 800 officials from global fabless customers and partner companies participated in the forum to share semiconductor technologies leading the era of the 4th industrial revolution.
Song Hyun-jung, who was the host of the show "A Talk With President Moon" aired on the 9th, has been criticized for her attitude during the talks.
On the previous day, the Seoul High Court dismissed the appeal hearing on the injunction against the suspension of the activities of the Truth and Future Committee (#진미위#), which was filed by the Public Broadcasters Union, a small conservative labor union.
As this MSI is expected to be the fiercest match of all time, the world's e-sports fans are interested more than ever.
Through their monthly home visits, they will be tasked with finding and requesting support for households at an early stage of social risk, such as a suspected crisis due to the suspension of electricity use or long-term failure to pay electricity bills.
The households in crisis reported through them will receive support of customized welfare services, connection to private institutions and case management adjusted for each household through quick on-site inspection of the town (eup/myeon/dong) administrative welfare centers.
On 17th of last month, the provincial government held a joint support group meeting in which 11 departments participated, with the 2nd vice governor of the administration and the vice governor of peace as the co-leader, and decided to operate a one-stop, close-knit support system.
In addition, the provincial government plans to support the establishment of a win-win cooperation center with a space for start-up research and education for large and small businesses within the Yongin Semiconductor Cluster, and the creation of a win-win fund that funds innovative companies that have technologies related to semiconductor equipment and materials components.
The "footbath of love ceremony" was held at Dongmyoung High School in Gwangju on the 15rh, Teacher's Day, where a teacher is wiping a pupil's feet with a towel after washing them.
The main heroes are Rev. Kim Sang-hoon, who was a civil engineer with a salary of millions of won but then became a hospital doctor of GangNeung Asan Hospital after being ordained in his 50s, and Madam Yoon Jeong-hee, who became the mother of severely disabled children since her 20s.
The Chang Bogo-class submarine carrying reporters did not dive into the deep sea, but after hearing the crew's explanation, the pressure and fear of the deep sea was intense.
James Cameron, known for his films "Titanic" and "Avatar," succeeded in exploring the Challenger Deep in a one-man submersible in March 2012.
Medical staff at Incheon Medical Center were found to have kicked a man in his 60s who was sleeping on the street drunk in mid-winter, out of the hospital with the excuse that he was not an emergency patient, eventually causing the man to die.
The Incheon Jungbu Police Station said it has booked 6 people, including 2 doctors, 2 nurses and 2 security guards from the Incheon Medical Center, without detention and is investigating.
The footage showed Chae not coming to the park alone, but two men moving Chae to the park in a wheelchair.
The ambulance team, which found Chae sleeping on the street being drunk, decided that it would be dangerous to leave him as he is, and took him to the hospital.
After sleeping in bed for more than an hour after being examinated by a doctor, Chae woke up but was having a hard time keeping himself steady.
The World Tradition Concert will feature 113 performance groups from 10 countries, including 5 cities from Busan's sister cities of ASEAN (Yangon, Myanmar, Phnom Penh, Cambodia, Bangkok, Thailand, Cebu, the Philippines, and Surabaya, Indonesia).
The kidnappers of our people were identified as a criminal group operating in southern Libya, and details of the kidnapping and detainment are under investigation.
In the future, the government will do its best to prevent similar incidents from happening again by preparing supplementary measures, such as strengthening safety measures for people staying in dangerous areas.
The kidnappers of our people were identified as a criminal group operating in southern Libya, and details of the kidnapping and detainment are under investigation, said Chief Jung.
At the first round of the first day in the tournament held at the Bethpage State Park Black Course (par 70, 7,459 yards) in Farmingdale, New York, on the 17th (in Korean time), Koepka succeeded 7 birdies without a bogey and shot a 7-under 63.
Kang Sung-hoon, who won his first PGA Tour title at AT&T Byron Nelson last week, maintained his rise as he tied for fourth at 2-under 68.
It's an unique parade, which is held under the theme of roses, featuring a variety of cosplay decorations, This event pre-collected citizens participants and participation on the day of the event is possible as well.
During the rose festival event, the love magic "Magic Pond," with the theme of the Little Prince in Galti Pond (#갈티못#) in the Rose Garden, Rose Village, rose photography contest and award-winning works exhibition, Rose Cafe and Happiness Cafe will be operated at the Rose Garden, South Gate and SK Plaza.
Amid public uproar in Gwangju over the insults of politicians on the Gwanju Uprising of May 18, members of conservative groups unprecedentedly held rallies and street marches in the heart of Gwangju, raising concerns over physical friction with the May 18 Group.
Conservative groups such as the Free Alliance and Turnlight plan to march on the streets, chanting slogans such as, "Disclose the list of patriots of the Gwangju Uprising" in the 2.5-kilometer section that starts from the back gate of Chonnam National University, turns around the Saemaeul finance firm and returns again to the back gate."
In response, members of Chonnam National University, including the Chonnam National University faculty, the student council, the graduates' association and the Democratic Association (#민주동우회#) held a press conference at the back gate of Chonnam National University at 11 a.m. to oppose the idea.
They claimed that the consevative group that threatened the elementary school students for shouting "Go away, Chun Doo-hwan!" when former president Chun came to Gwangju for trial is immoral.
The Citizen Open-Air Market will be set up at the May 18 Democratic Square with  boothes of various agendas including May, democracy and people's livelihoods, history distortions, human rights, peace and unification to announce the meaning of that day.
At the eve festival, the performance symbolizing the tears of the Japanese 'Comfort Women' and the story of a mother of the April 16th who was a strudent in the Gwanju Uprising finding out the truth of the Sewol ferry incident will be on stage.
The eve festival ends with "Daedong Hanmadang, (#대동한마당#)" which reveals the truth of the May 18th Gwangju Uprising by the power of citizens and calls for the eradication of history distortions.
Earlier in the day, the Family Association of the Deceased Patriots of the May 18 Gwangju Uprising held a memorial service at the May 18th National Cemetery in northern Gwangju at 9:30 a.m. to console the souls of the victims.
In response, chairman of the board Lee Min-woo sent some 30 employees of the main branch to the sales office from Feb. 26 to March 8 to give special orders to small-scale business owners in financial difficulty to ensure timely funding.
Los Angeles Dodgers' Ryu Hyun-jin (age 32), who has recently dominated the Major League with his stellar control of the ball, has been excluded from the Major League All-Star Game lineup for the 2019 season predicted by the MLB.com.
In response, local media have mentioned Ryu as a candidate for the Cy Young Award early on, but MLB.com dropped Ryu from the All-Star list.
Jeremy Hazelbaker, who was ousted earlier, has played in 11 games this season and recorded 6 hits in 41 at-bats and a 0.146 batting average.
Kim Charyoung, the "match queen" who survived the death group at the Doosan Match Play Championship on the KLPGA tour, said it was the hardest to play with her best friend Kim Min-sun out of 3 group matches.
With Hyundai Rotem's first successful localization of "permanent magnet synchronus motor" propulsion system for vehicles, the Seoul Subway Line 6's train reduces noise by 10dB in low speed and 3dB in high speed compared to the past.
Hyundai Rotem said on the 16th that with Seoul Metro it has developed a permanent magnet synchronous motor and a propulsion control device to control it, and applied the device to trains on Line 6 for the first time to operate.
Although this motor is easy to make, it is designed with an open structure that requires periodic internal cleaning, makes noise even at low speeds and has low energy efficiency, which are its disadvantages.
Energy consumption through permanent magnet synchronous motors has been reduced by 26% compared to the previous one, which can save about 35.8 billion won in energy costs and 3.8 billion won in maintenance costs for 30 years, Hyundai Rotem explained.
Students could become police officers to catch thieves in virtual cities that are realized inside rhw tablet PC, or experience the role of astronauts who repair spaceships using VR headsets.
Heo Jin-kyu (age 54, in the photo), the pottery master registered as Intangible Cultural Property No. 4 in Ulsan Metropolitan City, was selected as the "2019 Local Celebrity Selection Project" hosted by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and organized by the Korea Tourism Organization for the first time in the region on the 16th.
After entering pottery since elementary school, Heo has been living his life solely producing pottery for 40 years, running "Onggigol Pottery (#옹기골도예#)" in Oegosan Onggi Village, Ulju-gun.
The Hakha Hydrogen Charging Station, which can charge 70 hydrogen cars and 14 hydrogen buses a day, is located between the Honam Expressway and Yuseong Main Road, which is considered the best location for good accessibility and low number of civil complaints as it is far from residential areas.
Lee Hae-chan, leader of the Democratic Party of Korea, Representative Hwang, Sohn Hak-kyu, leader of the Bareunmirae Party, Jung Dong-young, leader of the Party for Democracy and Peace and Lee Jeong-mi, leader of the Justice Party visited Gwangju.
Mauricio Pochettino, head coach of Tottenham Hotspur in England, can play in the final of the 2018-2019 UEFA Champions League.
Tottenham had earlier been criticized for delaying the start of the game because its players were late on the field in the first match of the Champions League semifinals against Ajax.
In the southern Afghanistan's Helmand province, the U.S. military mistakenly dropped a bomb, killing 17 local police who were fighting with the rebel group Taliban.
The United Nations said the number of civilians killed by the mistakes of the Afghan and U.S. forces was higher than the number killed by rebels in the first quarter of this year.
As a citizen, I am ashamed of the fact that there are absurd remarks shouted out loud that deny and insult the 5.18 Gwangju Uprising without reservation.
So, more than 20 years ago, we reached a national consensus on the historical significance and character of the 5.18 Gwangju Uprising, and we have even settled it legally.
What we need to do is to develop our democracy into a better one, appreciating the 5.18 Gwangju Uprising for contributing to the development of democracy.
I hope that you, the people of the Republic of Korea, will unite your minds so that our history can go weaving through page to page into the future.
Our government confirmed the shooting from the helicopters of the martial law army, sexual violence, sexual assault and sexual torture through the activities of the May 18 Special investigative Committee from the Ministry of National Defense, and the Minister of National Defense officially apologized.
Our government promises to provide all data and support actively so that the investigation board under the Special Act can play its role when it is launched.
Following the completion of the country's first "hydrogen fusion energy demonstration center" in March, it is also seeking to build the nation's largest eco-friendly "hydrogen fuel cell power plant."
According to the video, a man on an electric kickboard hit a child while racing fast on a bicycle road in the middle of the sidewalk in the afternoon of the 15th in Daejeon.
Most of the works are about couples in the Bible, including Adam and Eve, Joseph and Maria, and Abraham and Sarah's love.
SK Telecom T1 (Korea), where Lee Sang-hyuk plays as a mid-liner, lost to G2 e-Sports (Europe) in the 2019 LoL Mid-season Invitational (MSI) tournament stage (semifinals) at Heping Basketball Gymnasium in Taipei, Taiwan, by 2-3 after a close match in a full set.
Chungcheongnam-do Province announced on the 19th that it has secured 1.3 billion won in state funds for the "project to spread real-time drone broadcast system in cities and counties (si, gun) to manage disaster" which was selected by the Ministry of the Interior and Safety as the pilot project on the disaster saftey subsidy tax.
The project calls for expanding the real-time drone broadcast system established in January to all cities and counties in Chungcheongnam-do Province and installing an integrated control system at the provincial office.
For this, the city will add 21 places, including Aran Forest kindergarten in areas subject to the children protection zone improvement project, and inject 960 million won to install safety facilities such as road signs and speed bumps.
The city will also abolish 7 street parking lots on roads directly connected to the main entrance of the protection zone facilities and strengthen parking enforcements in order to root out illegal parking in the children protection zone.
In addition, it will set up a high-way crosswalk and an anti-transverse fence to secure safety for pedestrians, while also considering installing additional unmanned speed cameras in the protection zone.
Seo Dong-hee (Deaconess at the Seoul Yongnak Church), an honorary professor at Konkuk University who is famous for sculpting biblical words, is presenting a white porcelain work titled "Amnon" and "Tamar" (in the photo) at the invitation exhibition of the Korea Ceramic Foundation.
In the league's 12th round match against Incheon United at DGB Daegu Bank Park in Daegu on the 19th, Cesinha scored the first goal in 8 minutes to lead the team to a 2-1 victory.
Rasmus "Caps" Winther, who rose to the rank of "best mid-liner" by becoming the MVP of the event, voiced a similar opinion.
The government is taking a cautious approach because the repercussions of the U.S. imposition of tariffs on Korean cars and parts are so great.
In the semifinals in the morning of the same day, Kim Ji-hyun reached the final after a neck-and-neck race with Kim Ji-hyun (Lotte), who has the same name and the same age, to the final hole.
Kim Ji-hyun from Hanwha Q Cells had 1 birdie on the first 9 holes, 2 holes ahead of Kim Ji-hyun from Lotte, who had 1 bogey.
Ryu Hyun-jin, who added 7 more innings to his scoreless record at the Cincinnati away-match, made a record that tied for 10th in the Dodgers' history.
The team's highest record was Orel Hershiser's 59 scoreless innings for a month from late August 1988.
Fire authorities are making all-out efforts to put 50 fire engines and 140 personnel in to control the blaze, but they are having trouble extinguishing it as the fire spread to factories crowded around them.
In the fourth round of the PGA Championship (total prize money of 11 million dollars) on the 20th (in Korean time), Koepka hit 2 birdies and 6 bogeys to reach a 4 over 74.
Kang Sung-hoon (age 32) the only Korean player to make the cut, had 3 birdies, 2 bogeys and 1 triple bogey to lose 2 shots.
If they fail to overcome the crisis through changes in lineups, they may be pused to situations where extreme choices are required. 
It is expected that there will be a high possibility of mutual cooperation since there are 7 companies that participated at the request of the local EPC (design, procurement, construction) company.
Local companies participating in the market pioneer team plan to maximize their export capacity by attending various seminars and aiming to understand Spain.
The method was that if the drug dealer whose identity is unknown points out a specific location on a smartphone application map, A goes to the site to bring it.
The Suncheon city government predicted on the 15th that this summer will be a hotter than the average year, with the fastest heat wave warning ever to take effect, and said it hosted a "briefing session on the measures against heat wave" by each department on the 20th.
Suncheon City will designate 715 places from public facilities, including libraries in the jurisdiction, as "heat shelters" to help citizens avoid the heat.
In response, the UD Dental Clinic provided 1,400 oral care products free of charge to help victims manage their teeth during the restoration process.
In addition, they plan to personally visit the forest fire-hit areas in Gangwon-do Province in August this year to conduct medical services for the victims.
Soldiers of the Air Force's first fighter wing who became of age are wearing topknots symbolizing that they've become adults in the "Traditional Coming-of-Age Celebration" in Chunghyo building (#충효관#) of Gwangjuhyanggyo Confucian School in Nam-gu, Gwangju on the 20th, on the 47th Coning-of-Age Day.
Will BTS, the global idol group leading the Korean Wave, hold an invitation performance receiving the attention of the global media at a ceremony marking the 40th anniversary of the May 18 Gwangju Uprising next year?
Fans interpret 062 as the local number of Gwangju during the DDD (direct distance dialing) telephone connection in the 1980s, when the phone bill was imposed differently by downtown and countryside, and 518 as symbolic of the May 18 Gwangju Uprising that lasted for 10 days in Gwangju in May 1980.
In fact, some members of BTS' fan club "Army" and overseas fans from Vietnam, Ukraine and others, paid tribute to the May 18th National Cemetery, burned incense and offered flowers shortly after the Super Concert.
The number of households protected by basic living security benefits in Jeju has increased sharply thanks to efforts to resolve the dead zone of welfare such as mitigating the standard of Persons with Duty of Care implemented by Jeju provincial government.
The Jeju provincial government said on the 20th that the number of households applying for basic living security (2498 households) increased 27% and the number of households accepted (1,402 households) increased 75% in April compared to last year.
it is analyzed that this is attributed to the growing awareness of social security as new recipients are found due to phased mitigation of the standard of Persons with Duty of Care for the basic living security policy and as vulnerable people increased due to recession.
A total of 99 people, including 74 honorary journalists from 32 countries and 25 from 20 one-person broadcasting producers, attended the invitation to present outstanding cases related to the activities of the press corps and watch videos of outstanding contents and activities with Kim.
Starting with the basic planning and implementation design, the consignment organization, the Jeollanam-do Regional Headquarters of the Korea Rural Community Corporation, carries out projects such as infrastructure creation, facility creation, and implementation of administrative procedures.
The city is pushing for 120 pledges in 6 major fields that were confirmed in September last year to realize its 7th popular election slogan of "City with History, Gyeongju with Future."
In response, the Pohang city government will invest 10 billion won for 4 years from 2020 to 2023, aiming to expand social infrastructure to streamline the function of the fishing village's central areas and increase income through tourism resources.
Marking the 100th anniversary of the opening of Guryongpo port in 2020, the city plans to implement the project with an emphasis on expanding the basic living base, improving regional landscape and strengthening regional capabilities.
Buzzbean11 (#대도서관#) (in the photo, real name Na Dong-hyun), who is working as a YouTube game content creator, spoke out his thoughts at the forum "Playing Games, How to View It."
If you replace the Smartphone, the release is exempted by 50%, and you can receive support for repairing cracked display screens and can use rent service if it is lost.
In front of a table with champagne, former Vice-Chancellor Strache smoked a cigarette and made remarks that made his qualifications as a politician doubtful.
Chancellor Kurz and the ruling Austrian People's Party appear to have felt burdened by maintaining a coalition with the FPO, which has recently made a flurry of extreme remarks.
Population replacement is a frequently used expression by far-right conspiracy theorists who believe Muslim migrants are replacing whites and Christians in Europe.
Last month, the mayor of Braunau, the birthplace of Hitler, belonging to the FPO, wrote a poem depicting immigrants as rats, sparking controversy.
New job education is a training program that develops new jobs that reflect the characteristics of people with developmental disabilities. It attempts to find employment in related new job fields through education on easy news (30 times), easy broadcasting (30 times), and wheelmaster (30 times).
In addition, there is a high possibility of long-term growth, with Samsung Electronics announcing its plan to focus on investment that will promote it with the goal of No. 1 system semiconductor.
As heat wave warnings, the fastest ever in history (15th in Gwangju), are expected to hit the nation this summer, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has started to come up with countermeasures by operating hot rest areas earlier than usual.
Sri Lanka, located next to the Indian continent, is an island like Jeju and has strategic value to secure dominance in the Indian Ocean.
They set off a series of bombings targeting churches and cathedrals in the capital, Colombo, on Easter morning, killing 253 people, including Christians and children.
Conflicts between religions are intensifying as it is believed to be the work of a foreign Islamic organization under the command of the Sunni extremist terrorist group IS.
The Ulchi exercise is a comprehensive government-level war preparation exercise that began in the wake of the January 21st Incident in 1968, and has been conducted in conjunction with the Ulchi Freedom Guardian (UFG), a joint military exercise between South Korea and the U.S. in August every year.
The Ulchi Taegeuk Exercise is a practice model that is carried out jointly by the civilian, government and military by applying comprehensive security concepts that include not only armed attacks from the outside but also terrorism and massive disasters.
In addition, the people, the government and the military work together to cope with a national crisis situation and prepare for wartime, instead of focusing on military-oriented war preparations like before.
By doing so, firefighters, police, the military, central government and local governments can collaborate to enhance their on-site response capabilities for public safety in the event of a massive disaster.
For example, a large-scale complex disaster situation is set up and practiced, where direct damage of earthquakes such as building collapse, road damage, and large-scale accidents on high-speed railways occur as well as connected damages such as radioactive leaks caused by damage to nuclear power plants occur also.
Based on this, the disaster site, the central disaster and safety situation room, related cities & provinces and related agencies can quickly share accurate information and communicate with each other, thereby establishing an integrated disaster management system.
If the people take part in the Ulchi Taegeuk Exercise, it could turn into a more advanced government exercise.
And by applying cutting-edge technologies of the 4th industrial revolution such as robots to improve the capabilites for national crisis response and wartime preparedness, a country where people can live safely and well could be created.
Yongin Semiconductor Cluster will be equipped with high-speed and non-volatile next-generation memory manufacturing facilities that combined the advantages of memory production to respond to global demand for semiconductors and the existing semiconductors, research facilities, cooperation facilities for small and medium-sized businesses, and residential complexes.
Yongin Semiconductor Cluster, which will be constructed in Jungneung-ri, Wonsam-myeon, Cheoin-gu, will cost about 122 trillion won, including 1.6 trillion won in infrastructure and 120 trillion won in industrial facilities.
The detailed causes were in order 1,269 cases of cigarette butts (34%), 538 cases of neglecting the cause of fire (15%), and 527 cases of garbage incineration (14%), where cigarette butts were found to be the most cause of fire.
The Jeju provincial government announced on the 21th that it is conducting the service of "establishing a comprehensive plan for the management of the April 3 sites in accordance with the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Ordinance on the Preservation and Management of April 3 Sites."
It is expected that mid- to long-term readjustment plans and utilization for the April 3 sites will be presented in the service area, including the survey of the status of major April 3 sites at home and abroad, the establishment of a basic plan and readjustment plan for the April 3 sites, the strategic plan for the promotion of national registered cultural properties, and the establishment of plans for the procurement and management operation.
K-bab will invest 10 billion won on 23,850㎡ of land in the Joseong Agricultural Industrial Complex in Boseong to build an instant rice production facility and create 50 new jobs.
Subtitute projects requested by the city include the construction of a secondary battery cathode material plant, participation in the regulation-free special zone of next-generation battery recycling, the early opening of a comprehensive research center for secondary battery materials and a venture valley project.
The city requested POSCO to early purchase the 25,000 pyeong of land for the construction of the secondary battery cathode material plant at the Blue Valley National Industrial Complex, start construction in November and complete construction in 2020.
The city also hoped for the participation in the regulation-free special zone of next-generation battery recycling and the comprehensive research center for secondary battery materials, which is scheduled to open in the RIST building in August, moving in to an independent building.
The sky is blue at the Mulbit Square of Han River Park in Yeouido, Seoul, on the afternoon of the 21st, with clear and mild spring weather, as it is "Soman," one of the 24 seasonal divisions.
Pohang International Fireworks Festival, which marks its 16th anniversary this year, will be held under the theme of "Pohang with 70 Years of History, Lighting Hope" to mark the 70th anniversary of the promotion to a city (si).
The homecoming road of the envoys who went to Japan from Silla after the light disappeared from Silla then returned home with hope was described as the "Light Parade."
This year's new "Let's Sing! Pang Pang Festival" will feature full band performances by the nation's top musicians, including Lee Seung Hwan, Daybreak and Yang Da-il.
For this reason, if the new law takes effect, Ukrainians who use Russian as their first language will suffer great inconvenience.
In an interview with Fox News., Trump mentioned the case of North Korea while he was emphasizing on his will to not permit Iran's possession of nuclear weapons.
To preemptively respond to the "ways to spread coexisting regional jobs" announced jointly by related ministries in February, the city has frequently visited related government ministries, including the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy and the Ministry of Economy and Finance, seeking ways to respond to the Gumi coexisting regional jobs.
Earlier on the 17th, mayor Jang visited the Presidential Secretariat and met with Kim Soo-hyun, Chief Policy Officer, Jeong Tae-ho, senior secretary for job, Yoon Jong-won, senior secretary for economic affairs and Lee Yong-sun, senior secretary for civil affairs, to suggest creating a Gumi coexisting regional job and a project on local pending issues, and to ask for government support.
At the fourth round of the PGA Championship, the second major tournament of the season, at Bethpage State Park Black Course (par 70, 7,459 yards) in Farmingdale, New York, on the 20th (in Korean time), Koepka hit 2 birdies and 6 bogeys to reach a 4 over par.
Analysts say that the player who can beat Jack Nicklaus (US)' record of most wins (18 wins) in major tournaments could be Koepka, not Woods (15 wins).
Regarding the School of Performing Arts Seoul, which caused controversy by mobilizing students to drinking parties, the education authorities pointed out that despite the high tuition fees, its soundproof facilities and other educational facilities are in poor states.
The Korean women's national football team held a opening ceremony through Media Day on the 20th ahead of the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup in France, which will open on the 8th of next month (in Korean time).
The women's team, which wrote its first round of 16 legend at the last World Cup in Canada, is in the same group with the traditional strong players, facing a difficult fight.
As the European Union (EU) is pressuring the Korean government to ratify the ILO's key agreement as stipulated in the Korea-EU Free Trade Agreement (FTA), it is difficult to postpone it.
Khan Pi will invest 14 billion won and hire 30 new workers in Gusan-myeon, Masanhappo-gu, Changwon to build a ship shipyard exclusively for aluminum ships.
Changwon expects the investment agreement to create 220 direct employment, create more than 3,000 indirect employment and generate more than 3 trillion won in production inducement over the next 5 years.
Oh Shin-hwan of the Bareunmirae Party, Lee In-young of the Democratic Party of Korea and Na Kyung-won, leader of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party (from the left),  doing beer activities at a pub near the National Assembly in Yeouido, Seoul, on the 20th.
Her husband, Shin, who teached for a long time, retired in February this year and is paying more attention to his health as the couple is spending more time together.
Both men and women need to take care of their intestines, as young people who habitually eat Western foods such as soda and fast food have recently reported a significant increase in inflammatory bowel diseases such as ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease.
According to the statistics released by the Korea Association of Health Promotion over the past 5 years (2014-2018), the two age groups accounted for 47.1% (18.2% in the 40s and 28.9% in the 50s), which is close to the whole half.
Menopause, which comes as early as mid-40s and usually around early 50s, gives women many changes, including hormones.
Alzheimer's disease must be checked for prevention and early response as no drug for cure has been developed so far and only drugs for slowing symptoms exists.
Changing the usual gait to a wrong posture to reduce pain may even bring joint deterioration such as genu varum.
The album will feature a total of 5 songs, including the title track "Two Girl Love a Man," which was joined by Hwasa and Wheein, members of the girl group Mamamoo.
Bang Gui-hee, professor of the department of Broadcasting & Creative Writing at Korea Soongsil Cyber University, published a professional book that included everyting on the theory of the art of the disabled, "The Art of the Disabled" in February, and published "The Literature of the Disabled" for more details, which is considered a great achievement in building the theory on art of the disabled.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on the 21st that it has upgraded its travel alert to a three-stage red alert (recommendation for withdrawal) from the second stage of the yellow alert (refrain from traveling) in the west of Kermansha Province and Kurdistan Province in Iran due to the recent escalation of military tensions between the U.S. and Iran.
Foreign Minister Zarif has been referring to the hostile figures against Iran as the "B-team", including John Bolton, the White House National Security Advisor, Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israeli Prime Minister, and Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman.
Portland, which was again on the brink of collapse with 3 losses, had a 101-90 lead over Golden State until the beginning of the fourth quarter with the surprise performance by center Meyers Leonard (30 points, 12 rebounds) and the fierce fight of Lillard (28 points, 12 assists).
In the cartoon, which was designed to show that one has to go to the army to become a real adult, he described the different attitude of a person who served in the military and a person who didn't toward his girlfriend.
It is a complex building with administrative work spaces, cultural classes, daycare centers, concert halls with more than 300 seats, and multi-purpose sports centers for various social sports and club activities.
The Sangdang-gu office, which was first constructed in March last year, has 1 basement, 5 floors above ground and 19,488㎡ of total building area in a site of 45,882㎡.
This year, 2.2 billion won is set aside for 20 projects, including support for settlement funds, support for returned farmer's establishment and home purchase loans, operation of counseling centers for people returning to farming and rural areas, support for housewarming and repair of farming houses for returnees, and education on harmonization for returnees and local residents.
According to fire authorities, it is confirmed that there was a large amount of black smoke in the front of the ship at the start of the fire, but now the fire is partially extinguished as of 11:00 a.m.
In the late sixth when the Yankees were leading 11-3, he took the mound as the second pitcher after starter Domingo German.
The vessel has a closed structure with almost no windows, and there are only large entrances for loading and unloading the cargo.
Fire officials prepared for explosions as well, considering that many combustible materials such as gasoline, rubber tires and synthetic leather seats were on board.
When chemical pumps and fire trucks were not able to enter the ship and suppress the fire, they sealed off the inside of the ship to block the inflow of oxygen, and manually manipulated the carbon dioxide fire extinguishing equipment inside the ship to put out the fire.
The two cities plan to push for brisk exchanges in the future, including festival exchanges, exploration of tourism-linked projects, development of agricultural markets and administrative support.
Lotte Asahi Liquor has successfully launched the environmental campaign by participating as an official sponsor in the "Greenplugged Seoul 2019," a Korean major music festival, which was held at Nanji Han River Park in Seoul on the 18th and 19th.
The report session examined 66 projects in 5 areas of the 7th public election pledges and the progress of major tasks this year, and conducted group discussions on the analysis of major achievements and measures to identify and resolve problems of the first half of this year.
On the same day, the military reviewed detailed progress and plans to carry out the pledges of 18 projects in the regional development sector, 21 projects in the culture and tourism sector, 13 projects in the agricultural and livestock sectors, and 14 projects in the education and welfare sectors.
With the selection of the project, the city, along with 7 institutions and companies including Chungcheongnam-do provincial government and Chungbuk Technopark, plans to set up a hydrogen fusion charging station in Bongbang-dong, which can produce 500kg of hydrogen per day using food biogas, at a cost of 12.4 billion won, including 9.5 billion won of state funds, by 2021.
The city expects the project to transform the food waste disposal facility, which has been recognized by residents as unpleasant, into a resident-friendly environmental infrastructure.
Experts in various fields, including law and judicial affairs, tax, accounting, patents and trademarks rights, offer a wide range of solutions for rather difficult and complex specialized areas through 1:1 customized consulting.
Gyeonggi-do Province Governor Lee Jae-myung, Yongin Mayor Baek Gun-ki, SK hynix CEO Lee Seok-hee and SK Engineering & Construction CEO Ahn Jae-hyun signed a memorandum of understanding on the investment of Yongin Semiconductor Cluster at the Gyeonggi-do Provincial Office on the 21th.
These organizations are planning to establish a win-win cooperation center within Yongin Semiconductor Cluster that has spaces for research on start-ups of large and small businesses and education centers to operate programs to strengthen semiconductor capabilities, and carry out research to localize equipment and parts.
The smart farm cluster will enter the site within the National Research Institute of Fisheries Science provided by Pukyong National University in Busan, which will create a pilot farm by 2021 and create infrastructure to allow private companies to move in at the background of the site.
Medical treatment and medicine, bio and agricultural sectors, national/public research institutes with universities as the centerks and logistics-related institutions concerning KORAIL are eligible for the bid.
Experts predict that the exclusion of Huawei, one of the pillars of the U.S.-China trade war, may be an opportunity for ICT industries.
If semiconductor exports continue to decrease by 30% by the end of this month, this month's decrease in ICT exports could be even bigger.
Marking the 35th anniversary of its opening, the Folklore and Natural History Museum Jeju Special Self-Governing Province said on the 21st that Director Seo donated photo materials of Jeju's natural scenery and biological resources since the 1970s.
He is a native photographer who has captured Jeju's beaty on camera throughout his life, and renovated a closed elementary school in Gasi-ri, Pyoseon-myeon, Seogwipo, to run the "Photo Gallery Images of Nature" 
In addition, when a comprehensive inquiry on service support extends beyond the activity support system to the entire welfare service for the disabled, including transportation, medical care, assisting devices, movement support services, employment and income security, people who are visually impaired are threatened with their survival.
Cho Bong-ho, who returned to his home Jeju in 1904 after studying in Kyungshin School found by Missionary Underwood, worked as the assistant of Rev. Lee Gi-pung who began his missionary work in Jeju.
During the survey, 32 female semiconductor workers (23 deaths) suffered from leukemia, 22 of whom (19 deaths) were female operators.
The institute had previously said that while the rate of leukemia occuring among workers at semiconductor manufacturers is higher than that of the general public, it is not statistically significant.
Since September 2017, the government has already introduced and implemented the presumptive principle of approving occupational diseases if they only meet the criteria such as work duration and exposure, as long as the employers' side does not have counterevidence.
The Farm A in Yeoju was caught diggng a pit in the forest near the farm and illegally dumping livestock excretions to save cost even though all of the excretion has to be disposed through commission.
The Company B in Siheung was caught illegally discharging about 7,600t of wastewater into nearby streams over the past 3 years without reporting on the installation of wastewater facilities to save about 100 million won in installation costs.
As of records for consecutive scorless innings, Park Chan-ho pitched 33 scoreless innings from the match against Arizona Diamondbacks on September 20, 2000 to the match against San Francisco Giants on April 8, 2001, when he was part of the LA Dodgers.
The city expects the adjustment of tariffs on fares to compensate for part of the production cost, contributing to management stability in the taxi industry and the improvement of the treatment of transportation workers.
The event will be attended by officials from inside and outside the school, including Oh Deok-sung, president of Chungnam National University, Park Young-soon, debuty mayor of political affairs in Daejeon City, and Jin Yoon-su, the chairman of the #옛터# establishment committee, as well as Kang Do-mook, president of the graduates' association, and senior alumni.
Chungnam National University, which launched the "Chungnam National University's #옛터# (Signstone) Construction Promotion Committee" in March last year, carried out the organization process of historical records and oral statements to confirm the site of the school and also went through consultation with Daejeon and Chungcheongnam-do Province.
The inspection will be carried out by a 12-member joint inspection team, which includes officials from 6 cities and counties (si and gun), Gyeonggi-do Province, the Korea Environmental Preservation Association and local environmental groups, and will be targeted at 73 air emission facilities in the Daesan Mountain area.
Major inspection items include whether facilities for storage, preservation and use of chemicals are properly managed, whether they applied for environmental liability insurance and whether there are unauthorized and unreported facilities and abnormal operation.
Gustongue, an online food shopping mall that launches test products after feedback from customers who tasted the food for free, will showcase its test product "Jeyuk-bokkeum (stir-fried spicypork)" on its 21st content of "Absolute Taste."
Ryu Hyun-jim, who has a top record of 6 wins, 1 loss and a 1.52 ERA in Major League Baseball this season, will try to achieve his 7th win of the season against Pittsburgh.
If the additional plan of dispatch of troops becomes a reality, the Trump administration's policy, which had been reluctant to intervene in overseas military affairs, will be overturned.
On the previous day, U.S. Democrats raised suspicions that the Trump administration exaggerated the Iranian crisis to justify its war with Iran.
Iran is also suspected of being behind the recent attack on a ship near the Strait of Hormuz in the Middle East and the shooting of a crude oil facility of Saudi Arabia's state-run oil company Aramco.
Sony Interactive Entertainment Korea (SIEK, CEO Tetsuya Ando) released a Korean subtitle version of Square Enix' new work "Kingdom Hearts 3" as Play Station 4 on the 23rd.
With the counting of India's general elections, dubbed the world's largest democratic election, underway on the 23rd, the reelection of present Prime Minister Narendra Modi is getting certain.
Opposition forces are raising suspicions of rigged elections, saying that there were movements of the ruling party to manipulate the election results, such as the electronic voting machines being moved without permission.
Through a business agreement, the three organizations decided to take responsibility for safe operation of nuclear power plants in Korea and actively cooperate in establishing a cooperative education system to promote human resources development that will lead the future nuclear power industry.
Wemade (President Chang Hyun Guk) said on the 23rd that it won the lawsuit against Zhejiang Huanyou Network Technology, an affiliate of China's Kingnet, in arbitration of unpaid royalties and minimum guarantee (MG) filed to the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) in Singapore.
According to Wemade, Zhejiang Huanyou Network Technology, an affiliate of Kingnet (Shanghai Kaiying Network Technology), signed a contract with Wemade on the intellectual property (IP) license of developing mobile & web games of "The Legend of Mir" that has a minimum guarantee (MG) of 50 billion won in October 2016, but failed to implement it.
In response, in February 2017, Wemade applied to the Singapore International Chamber of Commerce for arbitration against Zhejiang Huanyou Network Technology, requesting for the payment of interest including the minimum guarantee (MG) and royalty under the license contract on the mobile & web games of "The Legend of Mir."
In addition, Wemade has been making progress through its efforts to crack down on violation of intellectual property rights, including the winning of the lawsuit on copyright infringement of "Legend of Dominance Tour" against 37 Games last year, injunction to suspend the "#남월전기# 3D" service, and this arbitration ruling.
Kim Byung-joon, a "father of siblings" who has a son and daughter, is also looking to win for the first time in 8 years since the 2011 KPGA championship.
In fact, the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport sent official letters to Company A twice in July and September 2014 to recall cars that impair safe driving by corrosion in the car body.
Anies Baswedan, Governor of Jakarta, said at least 6 people were killed and more than 200 others injured in protests against the presidential election in downtown Jakarta from the 21st to the 22nd.
The nickname "Cinderella" was given to him when he was selected suddenly for the national team under former head coach Uli Stielike.
This year, Lee changed his itinerary and attended the luncheon for state guests as Indian Prime Minister Modi made a state visit in February, expressing his desire to meet Lee through Cheongwadae.
The top foreign figures meeting vice-president Lee is interpreted as an attempt to convey the message that they want Samsung Electronics' technological prowess and investment at the national level, beyond personal ties.
Chinese President Xi Jinping visited Samsung Electronics' semiconductor plant in person in 2005 when he was serving as party secretary in Zhejiang, and Samsung Electronics built a semiconductor plant in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, the hometown of then-national vice president Xi Jinping, in 2012.
CJ Olive Networks had previously held a mobile academy since 2017 to launch a campaign to create a "1 person, 1 app" for all its employees.
The World Hebron Women's football Team, with the mission to spread football in the barren land of women's soccer, will compete in the women's match at the National Worker's Football Tournament by the Ministry of Employment and Labor, which will be held for two days from next month 15th in Sangju, Gyeongsangbuk-do Province.
Along with Rev. Ryu Young-soo, the head coach of the football team, the players have been making appearances like special forces not only at home but also abroad, such as China, Cambodia, and Uzbekistan.
The fire authorities issued the second stage of response and dispatched 120 firefighers and 40 equipment to search for potentially buried people, but lifted the stage after several searches confirmed no one had been buried.
He/She said it hurts to see the players who just debuted these days wear themselves out of excessive pressure to "do well."
There were many single-story buildings with slate roofs and traditional tiles, but the signboards of nearby restaurants, laundry and barbershops became old and faded.
His wife Wanda Nara, serving successively as an agent, was the start of the tragedy when she appeared on a TV program in February and revealed about the renewal process of the contract between Icardi and Inter Milan.
Roadwise has rich and diverse English learning content that has been accumulated over the years and provides English eLearning services using its self-develped English education voice recognition engine (ROSE) and automatic correction engine (WINE).
Ansan said on the 24th that its 20,000㎡ wide field in the Sihwa district reclamed land (former Ocean Scent Theme Park #바다향기테마파크#) located in the northeastern part of Daebudo Island is crowded with red-wave of poppies and visitors who came to see it.
Hydrogen gases are highly flammable, so they explode when they meet flame and heat when they are in the state of mixture with air at a volume ratio of 4~74%, or with chlorine gas at a ratio of 5~95%.
In this accident, 3 hydrogen storage tanks that can store 400㎥ installed at the fuel cell plant exploded, but did not lead to combustion explosions.
If hydrogen had leaked slowly into the air and met the flames, it could have led to a large explosion, but this accident left no time for oxygen to meet the flames as the tank containing hydrogen exploded in a flash and hydrogen leaked out in a short time.
Daejeon Mayor Heo Tae-jung and 5 heads of gu held the "8th Daejeon decentralization policy council" at 10:40 a.m. on the 24th to discuss the designation of additional innovative cities and the creation of job for young people.
They shared the view that Daejeon has been subject to serious reverse discrimination, such as being excluded from the designation of an innovative city and thus not receiving benefits such as relocation of public institutions and recruitment of local people.
Mayor Heo and the heads of gu believe that the old downtown problem became more severe as existing innovative cities are mostly new cities, and plan to present a new model of innovative cities by designating the old downtown area, including areas with subways, as the planned zone for the development of innovative cities.
In addition, the council discussed the proposals of the autonomous districts, including the establishment of a location information guide service for public toilets, ways to support self-defense forces and ways to provide special adjustment subsidies.
In 2016, when it reached the Eastern Conference final for the first time, it lost to Cleveland with 2 wins and 4 losses, and fell in the second round over the past two years.
The city of Jeonju will restore the old Geumam fountain on a traffic island, which will be moved toward the shopping district of Paldallo, and create the Geumam fountain garden for rainwater to make it a symbolic gateway for the old downtown area of Jeonju Hanok Village.
As a Mercedes-AMG brand Ambassador, Son Heung-min will attend various future Mercedes-AMG events and customer events to give customers a new brand experience.
Son Heung-min made his A-match debut through a warm-up match against Syria on Dec. 30, 2010, and is currently the national football team captain and in the Premier League as the member of Tottenham Hotspur FC.
Earlier, the mid-ballot count accounted that India's ruling Indian People's Party (BJP/Bharatiya Janata Party) led by Prime Minister Modi won the majority in the 17th general elections held on the 11th to 19th.
Earlier on Tuesday, President Moon spoke by phone with Indonesian President Joko Widodo to congratulate him on his victory in the presidential election and the success of a consecutive term.
The Open Market is currently preparing to move to a larger branch from its Myeong-dong branch and is reportedly considering additional opening within this year.
NCsoft is accelerating its search for content by launching "spoonz," which made characters that appear in Lineage, Lineage 2, Aion and Blade & Soul into a brand.
"Bufftoon," which has 800,000 monthly users and 3 million cumulative subscribers, is attempting to expand its business in areas such as webtoon contests and production of webtoon-based dramas.
Ulsan is making all-out efforts to preserve the headquarters of Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering, an intermediate holding company established after the material division of Hyundai Heavy Industries, at Ulsan.
Ulsan Mayor Song Cheol-ho visited the headquarters of Hyundai Heavy Industries in Dong-gu, Ulsan on the 23rd and delivered a civic signature book and resolution urging Han Young-seok, president of the Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering, to maintain the headquarters in Ulsan.
After a visit to Hyundai Heavy Industries headquarters, Song held a "meeting with local members of the National Assembly on the call for the preservation of Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering Co. in Ulsan" in the reception room of the City Hall.
This year, it added fixed performances in Tuesdays and Thursdays, organizing 297 performances, the most in history, actively using Haheo byeolsingut talnori as the center of Andong tourism.
According to the city, the willow habitat near Soyang 3 Bridge in Janghak-ri, Dong-myun is where the mist from the Soyang River freezes the trees during the winter, forming white hoarfrosts on the trees and a spectacular view.
This bird is a migratory bird that went down to the warm south in the winter, but it stays in Chuncheon even in the winter as its habitat went north due to abnormal temperatures.
In order to protect willow trees, the city proposed to the Ministry of Environment in 2017 to designate great cormorant which are protected species to harmful bird species, but it was not designated as harmful bird species because it did not directly damage crops or fruit trees.
In response, the city decided to remove the excrement of great cormorants through high-pressure spray water cleaning in August, instead of capturing or driving them out.
The size of the new investment multiplied more than 5 times from 23 trillion won in 2013 to 134 trillion won last year, and the amount for each investment rose from 20 billion won to 61.1 billion won during the same period.
Tencent's "WeBank" in China and Rakuten Group's "Rakuten Bank" in Japan have been respectively enjoying high net profits by offering various linked services combined with social networking services (SNS) and e-commerce sectors.
Choi also countered that 1.5 billion won was received by another co-chairman who recently deceased and that the contract had been terminated because the company A did not fulfill the contract properly.
Temperatures in Gangneung recorded 29 degrees Celsius at 8 a.m., the first tropical night of the year. Tropical night is a phenomenon where the minimum temperature is 25 degrees Celsius from 6 p.m. to next day 9 a.m.
Mount Agung, an active volcano, started its activity again in 2017 after more than half a century of incubation, following a massive explosion in 1963.
Ulsan Coast Guard said it dispatched a coast rescue boat and rescue team to save Lee (age 52) and his wife Kim (age 49) to the scene at 10:44 a.m. on the 25th when they fell into the sea while windsurfing in waters off Yeompo-dong, Buk-gu, Ulsan.
The Incheon Facilities Corporation's Yeongjong Park Project Group announced on the 25th that it has installed 5 high-function telescopes for observation across the Seaside Park that can observe the coastal landscape of Incheon, including birds.
In March 2017, the Yeongjong Park Project Group set up a telescope for observation near the Seaside Park mudflat as a trial to create a searching team that would provide visitors with opportunities to observe various birds.
Earlier in the afternoon of the 23rd, a forest fire occurred here also, mobilizing 8 fire helicopters and 700 workers to extinguish the blaze until the next morning.
The pan-citizens' committee to protect Chungcheongnam-do and Dangjin land (Joint Chairman Kim Jong-sik, Park Young-kyu, Cheon Gi-young, Lee Bong-ho and Sung Nak-geun) will hold a resolution meeting with Chungcheongnam-do residents and Dangjin citizens at the Dangjin Terminal Square at 4 p.m. on the 27th.
The Chungcheongnam-do Province dispute was ruled by the Constitutional Court in 2004, which ruled in favor of Dangjin in an adjudication on jurisdiction dispute filed by Chungcheongnam-do Province.
The city plans to find names that encompass the area and gives friendly impressions through public contest nationwide by the 7th of next month.
After evaluation by the review committee, the city will select and award 1 grand prize winner (gift card worth of 3 million won), 1 excellence award winner (gift card worth of 1 million won), and two participation award winners (gift card worth of 500,000 won each).
Ulsan will announce its competitiveness of ocean and ports nationwide through the "24th Ocean Day Ceremony" on the 31th.
Ulsan announced on the 26th that it will hold the Ocean Day Ceremony first in 14 years since 2005 in Jangsaengpo, Nam-gu, a whale special zone.
At the event, the city of Ulsan plans to promote nationwide its maritime food project it pushes, and declare that Ulsan is a leading city for the Northern Economic Cooperation Major Base and floating Offshore Wind Power Cluster.
About 300 local members of the National Assembly, city and province councilors and ordinary citizens, including Uijeongbu Mayor Ahn Byung-yong, attended the opening ceremony to celebrate the opening of the Chudong Park.
Through this, the Uijeongbu city government has saved about 120 billion won in land compensation and park construction costs, and could indirectly contribute to revitalizing the local economy as a 980 billion won project to build a private park has been carried out.
It decided to close the pool urgently for the safety of citizens as the function of the acoustic board and the structure supporting it was deemed unsafe such as the iron fixed at the acoustic board on the pool ceiling falling.
At the last day of the assmbly, there was the imposition of hands, and Rev. Oh came out first and asked us to pray for his grandson whose fetus name was decided to be "Oh Pulim."
Oh's son and his wife were undergoing a medical exam for artificial insemination when they found out the wife was naturally conceived.
He also held back his matchup opponent Antetokounmpo, who is the strongest MVP candidate of the season and averaged 27.7 points in the regular season, with 21 points.
The project to bury remains was launched 6 times between 2001 and 2014 by the memorial service against Jindo, Jeongeup and Gimje in Jeollanam-do Province, but was repeatedly cancelled due to opposition from residents and lukewarm attitude from local governments.
Kevin Na hit 6 birdies and 2 bogeys for a 4-under 66 in the final round of the Charles Schwab Challenge (total prize money of 7.3 million dollars) at the Colonial Golf Club in Fort Worth, Texas, on the 27th (in Korean time).
Kevin Na started the final fourth round with a 2-shot lead in second place and birdied the 2nd, 4th and 6th holes.
According to the Jeju Regional Office of Meteorology, precipitation as of 7 a.m. was 215.5㎜ for the Samgakbong Peak of Hallasan Mountain, 195.0㎜ for Witse-oreum, 128.0㎜ for Seongpanak, 84.5㎜ for Saekdal, 59.5㎜ for Gangjeong, 23.0㎜ for Seongsan and 29.5㎜ for Pyoseon in Seogwipo.
Due to the worsening maritime weather, ferry services to and from Jeju and other regions, including the Queen Star 2 ship operating from Jeju to Usuyeong and the Hanil Blue Narae ship operating from Jeju to Wando, have been partially restricted.
Marking its 10th anniversary this year, "ITS GAME" has become the largest game export consultation event in Korea, with 140 Korean game companies and 100 foreign buyers participating in the "ITS GAME 2018" event last year, recording 69 million dollars in export consultation.
The city has been conducting private and public joint patrols on stinks between 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. during the summer season, when complaints of foul odor are high, and has been delivering the complanits to telecommuters after receiving them in on-call rooms at night.
The General Situation Room on Stinks will be set up in Gwanpyeong-dong, Yuseong-gu near Daedeoksan Mountain for 5 months until Oct. 31, and officials in charge of the city's measures to fine dust and the environment department of Yuseong-gu and Daedeok-gu will work in groups of 2.
This year, it is considering designating 7 more general high schools through a new contest and designating all 19 general high schools in the equalization area of Cheongju as curriculum-centered ones.
According to the Jeju regional headquarters of the Korea Airports Corporation, Air Busan flight BX8300, which planned to depart from Jeju at 10:40 a.m. and head to Ulsan, canceled due to strong winds.
The Wind Shear special alarm takes effect if there is a change in wind of more than 15 knots blowing from front to back or vice versa which may adversely affect the aircraft during take-off or landing.
As of 9 a.m. on the 27th, the accumulated precipitation in major areas in Jeju was 284.5㎜ in Witse-oreum, 281.0㎜ in Samgakbong, 284.05㎜ in Yongsil, 124.5㎜ in Saebyeol-oreum, 50.2㎜ in Seogwipo, and 75.0㎜ in Yusuam.
Ryu Hyun-jin, who got his 7th win of the season against the Pittsburgh Pirates on the 26th, will take a 4 day break and take the starting mound in 5 days.
Peru is one of the areas where earthquakes occur relatively frequently, as it is located in the so-called "Ring of Fire" in the circum-Pacific orogenic zone.
Chungcheongnam-do Province will strengthen its response system to fish deaths at fish farms due to concerns over rising water temperatures in the waters off Cheonsu Bay this summer.
This year, the temperature is expected to be around 1 degree higher than that of the average due to Tsushima current strong than the average year and expansion of the North Pacific anticyclone.
It plans to strengthen monitoring the changes in water temperatures and preconsideration in the fish cultivation net farm in Cheonsu Bay from next month as damage to aquaculture may occur in the waters off Cheonsu Bay during the summer.
When a high temperature warning is issued, the province and each cities and counties (si and gun) will jointly operate an on-site response team with the National Fisheries Research and Development Institute and check the damage and establish & implement a rapid recovery plan.
In addition, the National Fisheries Research and Development Institute will push to conduct field tests on response technologies, including measures to reduce high water temperatures, and develop technologies to improve the farming environment and replace species in the fish cultivation net farm by 2020.
After the World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed the registration of the disease code for "gaming disorder," game-related organizations around the world issued a statement urging WHO to reconsider their code registration.
The statement argued that given the status and influence games have in the international community, guidelines decided by the WHO should be comprehensively and transparently reviewed by independent experts.
Woodruff started against the Philadelphia Phillies in the 2019 U.S. Major League Baseball (MLB) regular season at Miller Park in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on the 27th (in Korean time), and pitched in 8 innings with 1 run and collected his 7th win of the season.
The business agreement ceremony, which took place at Lotte Rental's Seonneung building on the 23rd, was attended by Lotte Rental's General Rental Division Chief Kim Jwa-il, Easy Rental's CEO Park Kwan-byung and other officials.
Under the agreement, the two companies will cooperate to vitalize the market for large-capacity air purifiers to improve indoor air quality of multi-use facilities, which are recently cited as blind spots for air pollution.
Easy Rental has released the "Uni-Q Super Mega," a 100- to 1,000-pyeong super-sized air purifier suitable for indoor management of large facilities, for the first time in Korea.
Meanwhile, Lotte Rental, a comprehensive rental company with more than 30 years of rental industry know-hows, offers differentiated customer value ranging from Lotte Rent-A-Car to general rental divisions such as OA device, environmental appliances and industrial facilities, and lifestyle rental platform "MYOMEE."
Spo1's Velodrome was created as a cycling stadium for international events during the 2002 Asian Games in Busan, and has been converted into a bicycle racing stadium for professional cycling races since 2003 and has been holding weekly bicycle races weekly in Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays ever since.
The Jeju provincial government said on the 27th that it plans to make Jeju buses "transparent, convenient and safe" by introducing a "Bus Management System" that tourists can experience.
Yang Seung-jo, governor of Chungcheongnam-do Province, and Gu Jeong-hoe, head of the Daejeon & Chungcheongnam-do headquarters of the Korea Expressway Corporation, signed an "agreement on the creation of a helicopter transfer point dedicated to emergency medical situations in a highway rest area" at the situation room in the provincial government office on the 27th.
The Chungnam Doctor Helicopter, which is operated in conjunction with Dankook University Hospital's External Injury Center and the Emergency Medical Center in Cheonan, started its first operation in January 2016 and completed its 1,000th mission when it transported a patient in his/her 50s from Dangjin on the 17th.
Earlier on the 26th, MBC's current affairs program "Straight" unveiled a preview titled "Tracking YG's Yang Hyun-suk, Suspected of Hiring Sexual Escorts."
The maximum wind speed recorded 23.2m per second based on the official observation post in Daecheong-dong, Jung-gu, and 18.8m in Saha-gu, 18.0m in Haeundae-gu and 17.7m in Yeongdo.
The city will make the final decision on the route through a pilot operation next month and start full-scale operations in July.
At the meeting, 15 municipal and provincial (si and gun) governments agreed to actively respond to the regional problem of fine dust, while agreeing to prevent damage to the environment and provincial residents from fine dust.
In the wake of the agreement, local self-governing bodies in Chungcheongnam-do Province decided to cooperate in drawing up joint countermeasures against fine dust and make efforts to help residents and groups share and participate in the joint project while actively pushing the joint project.
At the 8th meeting of local governments in Chungcheongnam-do Province, which took place after the Mayors' Conference, a resolution was adopted calling for the reclaimed land at Dangjin Port to be returned to Chungcheongnam-do.
Since the decision, Chungcheongnam-do Province, Dangjin and Asan jointly formed a team of lawyers to file a suit to the Supreme Court seeking the cancellation of the decision of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety.
Coach Stefano Lavarini, who has recorded three consecutive wins since taking the team, will try to win his first title in the second week of the Volleyball Nations League (VNL).
Korea Offshore Wind Power was established by the joint investment of Korea Electric Power Corporation and 6 domestic power generation companies to make Korea one of the three largest offshore wind energy powers.
Along with Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction and other Korean companies, the company has started building Korea's largest wind farm through the "2.5GW project at the Offshore Wind Power Plant in the Soutwest Sea" in waters near Wido Island, the largest island in Jeollabuk-do (area of 11.14km2 and coastline of 36km).
The project is expected to create about 81,000 jobs during the construction period, which consists of 4 years for substantiation, 5 years each for demonstation and diffusion, and 55,000 jobs over 25 years of operation.
After the project is completed, it will replace the power output of 2 coal power plants at most and generate electricity to supply about 2 million households.
Hosted by the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province e-Sports Association and organized by the Korea e-Sports Jeju Branch, the event was attended by about 100 people, including Kang Chul-joon, president of Jeju International University, Lee Dong-chul, dean of the College of Economics & Commerce in Jeju National University, Wi Sung-gon, member of the National Assembly, Kim Yong-beom and Moon Kyung-woon, members of the Jeju Provincial Council.
In the "Report on the Economic Effects of the Game Industry followed by the Change of Policy on Game Overindulgence " submitted to the Korea Creative Content Agency last year, the research team led by Lee Duk-joo, a professor of Industrial Engineering at Seoul National University, predicted that if game disorder is coded as a disease, sales in the domestic game market will be reduced by several trillion won.
According to the research team's direct survey of 147 game production and distribution companies, domestic sales losses are expected to reach 1.819 trillion won in 2023, 2.1259 trillion won in 2024, 3.137 trillion won in 2025, overseas sales losses to 642.6 billion won in 2023, 1.276 trillion won in 2024, and 1.92 trillion won in 2025.
For this reason, the Ministry of Environment recently recommended to revise the guidelines for observation of ecological channels to analyze the status of use of wild animals and their habitat environment and examine the status of facilities.
Cheongju, Chungcheongbuk-do Province, said on the 26th that it will hold a contest nationwide to select the name referring to the former Cheongju Tobacco Manufacturing Area in Naedeok-dong, Cheongwon-gu.
Lim Eun-bin shot a 1-over par in the final round of the E1 Charity Open of the KLPGA Tour at the South Springs Country Club (par 72, 6,428 yards) in Icheon, Gyeonggi-do Province, on the 26th.
Thus Lim stood in the top for the first time in 93 tournaments, 4 years after her KLPGA debut in 2016.
College of Arts & Physical Education in Incheon National University (Dean Cha Ki-yul) announced on the 27th that it signed an agreement with #서울북경인주식회사# (CEO Seo Chang-hwan) and #애즈컴퍼니# (CEO Lim Dong-seop) on "cooperation to send expert football directors to China to promote Korea-China football exchanges" at Incheon National University Songdo Campus.
The industries is researching and developing technologies that can keep the air inside vehicles clean along with means of transportation that minimizes the occurrence of fine dust.
It is a system that provides clean air as much as possible to passengers even in poor exterior air environment as the car operates the air cleaner by itself according to the fine dust level.
The double-structure filter, consisting of an external filter and a high dust-collecting microfilter, effectively filters out large pollutants such as hair, as well as fine dust sitting in the car.
The World Heritage Headquarters in Jeju announced on the 26th that it will hold a report meeting on the launch of academic services for the "Study on the Conservation and Management Plan of Natural Caves in Jeju" at Halla Arboretum on the 28th.
The World Heritage Headquarters plans to research and investigate 5 areas of the Geomunoreum Lava Tube System, including the effects of vibration and groundwater, distribution of surface and vegetation, and microorganisms and bats in caves.
The union, which has been staging a 4-hour partial strike since the 16th against the material division pushed by the company, extended the strike time to 7 hour this days.
On the 30th when the shareholders meeting will be held, it will hold a resolution rally with the union of Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering for workers in the Yeongnam region and conduct a strike around the Hanmaum Hall in Dong-gu, the site of the shareholders meeting.
The Ulsan District Court decided to partially cite Hyundai Heavy Industries' request for an injunction against the prohibition of interrupting a shareholders' meeting, which was filed against the Korean Metal Workers' Union, Hyundai Heavy Industries' and Daewoo Shipbuilding's labor union.
The conference of local members of the National Assembly will meet with Lee Dong-geol, the Chairman of the Korea Development Bank, on the 28th to explain the necessity of Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering remaining in Ulsan with their full determination.
After a security firm launched a minority sale on U.S. stocks in October last year, some security firms have asked related questions, so it's checking whether it can be introduced to local stocks.
Kevin Na was a golfer who made people frown with many waggles (shaking the club head from side to side) and a long free-shot routine every time he hit the ball.
Kevin Na also free-handedly gave the caddie a 1973 Classic Dodge Challenger, worth 110,000 dollars (130 million won), which was an additional prize to the winner.
Kevin received 1.314 million dollars (157 billion won) for his victory in this event, becoming the 34th player in history to surpass 30 million dollars (30.15 million dollars) in overall prize money.
There is a case where Park Byung-ho (age 33) who moved to the Minnesota Twins through the posting system the following year, returned to Kiwoom 2 years later.
Even if he returns to the field at the age of 36 after being suspended for 3 years, it is not easy for him to play well.
The province's selected fish will be fostered with the marine tourism industries as the center such as on contents, souvenirs, and tourism course development, and will actively utilize SNS to create empathy among all generations to raise awareness.
Changwon LG has decided to receive 160 million won, which is 50% of the previous year's annual salary of Kim Jong-kyu, from Wonju DB as compensation for Kim's transfer to a free agent (FA).
The recent transfer of a FA player was made in 2010 when Kim Hyo-beom signed a FA contract with Seoul SK from Ulsan Mobis, where his former club Ulsan Mobis chose Noh Kyung-suk as the compensation player and 212 million won.
The city government plans to install it at 165 stations used by vulnerable transportation users frequently and replace 219 old equipment with expired persisting period annually.
Young Toys (CEO Han Sang-wook), a company specialized in toys, finished the "Beyblade Burst Asia Championship 2019" held at KINTEX's exhibition hall 2 in Ilsan on the 26th with great success.
In addition, special guests including the original author of the Bayblade Burst animation and toy developers attended the event and had a good time interacting with the participants, and the animation "Bayblade Burst GT" was released for the first time, drawing keen attention.
Ulsan city government announced on the 28th that it will hold a citizens' protest rally calling for the maintenance of the headquarters of Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering, an intermediate holding company that will be established after Hyundai Heavy Industries' material division, in Ulsan.
Ulsan Mayor Song Cheol-ho and 60 civil & social groups and officials from public institutions held a "pan-citizen emergency measure meeting" and resoluted as such in the City Hall.
The meeting was arranged to share the severe effects of the relocation of the Korea Shipbuilding & Offshore Engineering headquarters to Seoul, and to concentrate capabilities from all fields fot the headquarters' maintenance in Ulsan.
Performances and civic propaganda exhibition that will hand out promotional materials will be held in the rally with 3,000 citizens participating.
Some argued that the World Health Organization (WHO)'s registration of the "Gaming Disorder" disease code may limit individuals' freedom of action and self-determination guaranteed by the Constitution of the Republic of Korea and possibly violate the principle of excess prohibition.
Marking its 5th anniversary this year, the "2019 Northeast Asia Economic Cooperation CEO Forum" is a venue to jointly seek cooperation among regional governments of each country and present and discuss various opinions for co-prosperity and development in accordance with changes in the international situation in Northeast Asia.
Starting with the opening speech of Pohang Mayor Lee Kang-deok, the forum will be followed by a welcoming speech of Gyeongsangbuk-do Governor Lee Cheol-woo, a keynote speech of Kim Boo-kyum, member of the National Assembly (former Minister of Interior and Safety), the 1st session's announcement of the local government CEO, the 2nd session's presentation of the experts and a comprehensive discussion.
During the expert session, the Presidential Committee on Northern Economic Cooperation in Korea will present the "New Northern Policy and Pohang's Cooperation Tasks" and introduce the main tasks of the current administration's new northern policy.
On the other hand, this forum will not only discuss academic matters and propose policies but also open export counseling of Big buyers between local companies and Russia companies for the actual cooperation of East Sea Rim area cities in the POSCO International Hall.
The advisory committee, led by Daejeon Mayor Heo Tae-jeong and KBO governor adviser Heo Gu-yeon, is composed of 16 experts, including baseball experts from Hanwha Eagles, KBO and others, civic groups, residents representatives, media organizations and experts from all fields.
The committee carries out functions such as collecting opinions from each class and field from the stage of basic planning of the Baseball Dream Park to completion of the construction, and giving technical advice when designing and constructing the baseball stadium.
At the advice meeting, various opinions were presented, including the re-creation of baseball stadiums as a leisure space for citizens, making landmarks of Daejeon to revitalize the original city center, and the comprehensive review on the economic and commercial aspects of the construction of a baseball stadium.
The event, which took place at Namdang Port in Hongseong-gun, Chungcheongam-do Province, involved about 100 people, including fishermen from 4 cities and counties (si and gun) of Boryeong, Hongseong, Seosan and Taean, as well as the Governor of Hongseong, members of the provincial assembly and children from the local daycare center.
Starbucks Reserve is a specialty coffee that can only be experienced for a limited period of time as they are harvested in very small amounts around the world, and the customers can choose the coffee beans and extraction methods.
The city plans to clean up the 260,000t "waste mountain" that had been piled up for more than 20 years around the construction site of the Singok Neighborhood Park and create the park.
3 new K-Leaguers, including Lee Jeong-hyeop, have newly joined, with Son Heung-min and other existing players holding importanat positions in the run-up to the UEFA Champions League final.
Lee Chung-yong, Ji Dong-won and Jung Woo-young, who had consistently been together before and after the Asian Cup earlier this year, were not selected due to injuries and physical conditions.
Senior citizens aged 75 or older living in Chungcheongnam-do Province will be able to use intra-city buses and buses in farming and fishing communities for free starting in July.
Chungcheongnam-do Province and 15 cities and counties (si and gun) in the province signed a business agreement to promote transportation convenience for vulnerable users such as senior citizens in Chungcheongnam-do Province at the 8th local government meeting of Chungcheongnam-do Province held at Haenaru Hall in Dangjin City Hall on the 27th.
Under the agreement, 185,057 senior citizens aged 75 or older living in Chungcheongnam-do Province will be able to use intra-city buses and buses in farming and fishing communities for free starting in July.
The city designated Grand Starex (2015 diesel), Santa Fe (2007 diesel) and County (2005 diesel) as test vehicles, and conducted a preliminary test on exhaust gas at an authorized inspection agency on April 10.
The city had 3 cars equipped with magic capsules and conducted an exhaust gas test on the 16th at the same inspection agency after running the cars about 500km for a month, and found that the Grand Starex had 0% of emmisions.
The month-long campaign, which will begin on the 1st, will be joined by the Making Jeju Holy Movement (President Rev. Park Myung-il) and publish large evangelical advertisements in 463 churches across Jeju.
The National Basketball Association (NBA) championship finals between the Toronto Raptors and the Golden State Warriors from the 31st (in Korean time) is drawing much attention, especially the two coachs' opposite background.
The eyes and ears of basketball fans around the world are on what strategy he, who was unknown until last year, will play against Coach Kerr's Golden State who is seeking the third consecutive win.
Long-time industry workers predict that the regulations followed by the disease code registration will be grand beyond one's imagination, given the negative perception of games.
Previously, Space A's original vocal Kim Hyun-jung announced her contract with her new agency Dream of Best on the 15th, notifying her first solo career in more than 20 years, raising expectations among music fans.
Cheongju, Chungcheongbuk-do Province, said on the 29th that it will introduce a wireless outdoor meter reading system for the first time in a bid to correctly read the water usage and ease inconveniences for citizens.
The city expects that the system will ensure transparency in the fee charge and prevent invasion of the resident's privacy.
The final successful applicant, Kim Jeong-ho (age 54), is an expert who graduated from Seoul National University, and served in the inspection field for many years, such as working for LG Electronics and LG Display as the head of the inspection department.
The city evaluated that the case showed strong will to increase independence and transparency in the auditing institution by appointing a civil expert, which compares to how many local governments define inspectors as open positions but appoint internal pulic officials or retired government workers all the same, 
The method is to select the top 3 players per position (for outfielders, 9 players) by the voting of fans and then to hold a final vote on them.
#대천김# said that it switched the plastic packagings, which could be considered as standard, to paper case packagings to help solve the environmental problems caused by microplastics and plastic, which is the first case in the industry.
#대천김# has been in the laver business for more than 40 years since it started laver farming in 1977, and is already well-known as a brand of packaged laver.
#대천김# has been growing steadily enough to generate 50 billion won in annual sales in the single category of laver.
In addition, it plans to use drones to collect information on the automatic calculation of the area of cultivation and production of winter crops, and whether or not pine wilt disease occurs and if it does its location in order to stabilize income of farming households and preserve forests.
Although Hansong has imported mostly from overseas and sold only for B2B, it entered the B2C (Business-to-Consumer) market in earnest and introduced a brand called "CleanCare" defiantly.
He came up with the work when he saw the "duplicity" of two friends who used to always hang out but gossiped about eachother behind their backs when he was studying Art in Sunkyunkwan University.
It's a taste that makes everyone happy, but it's also the taste of tears if you know the exploitation of child labor on the cacao farm.
The corresponding words on the face, neck, forehead and ankles will be cross-written in various languages, including English, Korean and Chinese.
A full screen of body and chocolate makes any viewer understand what the author claims easily and sensually.
The center cares for low-grade elementary school children after school instead of their parents who both work, have many children, or etc.
Juan Guaido, who declared himself the interim president, and President Maduro will hold talks within days to resolve the political crisis under the Norwegian government's mediation.
In fact, the document released by the Korean Teachers and Educational Workers' Union marking its 30th anniversary shows that it criticizes the Moon administration but rarely directs the criticism to the Ministry of Education.
Power transfer control semiconductors are built into chargers and supply optimal power according to whether or not the standard of electronic devices and chargers are certified and current amount of charging.
Through its certification program "USB Type C Certification," the product prevents hacking and data damage caused by malignant codes, and can provide content such as music sources or videos to certain users only when the certified charger is connected.
Dongwoo Farm to Table Co. asked the Saemangeum Development and Investment Agency in March last year to provide 130,000㎡ of land to build a new plant by investing some 300 billion won in the land for the rental of Saemangeum industrial complex.
It is a job project for young farmers in Gyeongsangbuk-do Province that is implemented to help them settle in farming and support the inflow of new young workers into the farming and industrial area, which are suffering from a shortage of labor, by addressing difficulties young people experience in the early stages of entering farming areas.
The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport and Gyeonggi-do Province earlier agreed on the 14th to raise fares for intra-city buses and Red Buses by 200 won and 400 won respectively, starting in September.
The Football Evangelical Association of Korea (#한국기독교축구선교연합회#) (President Rev. Cho Choon-il) announced on the 29th that it held a football match after holding a service of gratitude at Jeju Century Club House in Aewol-eup, Jeju, on the 28th.
Jeju Century Club House is a guest house where pastors and believers stay in Jeju. It was prepared with funds from pastors who served the Hebron Football Missionary Society for more than 10 years and played more than 100 games under the name of the Hebron team.
In fact, Professor Wi points out that many people who have been declared active-duty may feel relatively deprived if people are exempt from military service due to Game Overindulgence being recognized as a disease.
Songjeong Beach will host the "Star, Sea Festical of Songjeong Beach" from June 14 to 16, where families can participate in astronomical observation and science experience booths together with the sea as the background.
Switzerland and India were excluded from the subjected countries in October last year, while Thailand, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, Italy, Ireland, the Netherlands and Belgium were added.
If all of them are met, they will be designated as currency manipulators, and even if only 2 requirements are met, they will be classified as "observed countries" and will be subject to monitoring.
It's a system that is somewhat unfamiliar to the public, where players who have played in Korea for 7 seasons are allowed to try foreign leagues with the permission of their clubs.
If he plays until this year, he will have been in 8 seasons, but his debut year 2012 was not included in his first-division league career because NC was a member of the second-division league.
Lee Kwang-yeon has the smallest height (184cms) among the 3 national team goalkeepers who participated in the event, but his reaction speed is "No. 1" like his back number.
Argentina beat South Africa 5-2 in its first match, as well as Portugal, which was considered to be one of the "Top Two" winning favorites along with France, with an easy 2-0 win.
Argentina is clearly a tough opponent, but Korea is ahead in the record between the U-20 national teams with 4 wins, 3 draws and q loss.
The U.S. Women's Open, the second major event of the Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA) tour this season, will open on the afternoon of the 30th (in Korean time) at the Country Club of Charleston (par 72, 6,732 yards) in Charleston, South Carolina.
To win the championship, the Taegeuk Warriors (#태극 낭자 군단#) has to overcome the heat and countless bunkers, and the weather in the country is rising to 37 degrees Celsius.
Many people who saw the video worried about bad weather conditions and prayed that rescue efforts for the missing would continue quickly.
33 Korean group tourists were aboard the cruise ship that sank off the Danube river in Budapest, Hungary on the evening of the 29th (in local time), among whom 7 were killed, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on the 30th.
In fact, LACTO-FIT's average monthly sales in the first quarter of 2019 was about 15 billion won, which is more than 1,200% higher than its average monthly sales (1.2 billion won) in the third quarter of 2016 when it started branding.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs said 7 of the 33 Koreans have been currently rescued, and rescue efforts are underway for 19 missing people.
Rescue work by local authorities is underway after the cruise ship carrying 33 Korean passengers and 2 crew members sank in the Danube River in Budapest, Hungary on the 29th (in local times), but has been hampered by heavy rains and strong currents.
The Story Box event was organized to mark the 70th anniversary of the establishment of Daejeon (August 15, 1949) and the 30th anniversary of its promotion to a metropolitan city (January 1, 1989).
Major contents include an introduction to the history and tourism sites in Daejeon, showing promotion videos, displaying tram models and urban railway lines, and running photo zones and commemorative events.
In addition, a variety of events have been prepared, including showing promotion videos to promote Daejeon properly, 12 Daejeon Tourism Things introduced by photos, photo zones and events using SNS.
In addition, Song also reported news of a collaboration update with "NieR: Automata," a global hit produced by director Yoko Taro.
In "Newstown Extra Edition No. 1, 2 and 3," Ji and Newstown claimed that North Korea's special forces pulled the strings from behind to make Gwangju citizens riot during the May 18 Gwangju Uprising.
It is a distorted publication that denies not only the objectivity and history of the May 18 Uprising, which was ruled as a pro-democracy movement by the enactment of special law, but also its value.
After Ji and Newstown raised objections, the May 18 Group again filed a "damage claim lawsuit" on March 15, 2016, drawing a ruling to pay 82 million won on Aug. 11, 2017.
The Gwangju High Court will hold a trial for the defamation damages based on the May 18 Gwangju video accusation on the 31th, and the Seoul Central District Court will hold a criminal trial for the defamation due to the designation of the North's special forces (Gwangsu) in Gwangju in August.
Das will likely fully satisfy consumer preferences by providing passenger convenience as well as various seat configurations required by the market through years of accumulated experience and technology.
Previously, game industry associations and organizations around the world, including South Korea, Europe, U.S., Canada, Austrailia, issued a statement calling for reconsideration of WHO's decision on the disease code for game use disorders.
Among them, Jeong from Nonsan, who was rescued, is the older sister of Jeong from Seo-gu, Daejeon, who is missing. The siblings got in the accident while touring in Hungary.  
The fossilized dinosaur footprint, which was listed as the Monument No. 193 of Chungcheongnam-do Province, became known to the world when Jeong Pung-hee, a teacher of Seohae Sahmyook Middle School, accidentally found it near Mansapji (#맨삽지#) (Bam Island) in Hakseong-ri, Cheonbuk-myeon, Boryeong, Chungcheong Province.
The designation of the monument is based on the judgment that the fossil is a valuable material of high academic and educational value in relation to the old environment of Chungcheongnam-do Province during the Cretaceous period 100 million years ago.
Yongdu Park, located in the center of Yeongdong-eup, is loved as a resting place for residents as it has a walking path, Yongdujeong Pavilion, children's play facilities, ecological ponds, wild flower parks and sports facilities with a floor area of 59,504㎡.
About 20 officials, including Joo Nak-young, Gyeongju Mayor, Lee Dong-hyeop, vice chairman of the city council's economic and urban affairs division, and representatives of the Gyeongju Returned Farmers Council and agricultural organizations, attended the signboard hanging ceremony.
The city plans to place professional counselors at the Returned Farmers Support & Consultation Center and implement various support project on returned farmers, including projects to support farming settlement of returnees, projects to support small farming machines for returnees, and projects to support moving expenses for returnees, and carry out one-stop support for returned farmers such as rent homes for returnees and counseling on various farming technologies.
About 40 volunteers who were recruited from across the nation gathered in the Seoul City Hall and moved to Goseong in the "5K Sharing Love Bus" to share love to the neighbors with the 10 volunteers from the "5K Gangwon Branch."
Hwang Kyo-ahn (right), representative of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party, is greeting Russian Ambassador Andrey Kulik who paid a coutesy visit at the meeting room of the Liberty Korea Party at the National Assembly on the 30th.
Places of business that have possibilities of stench are examined on the effect it will have on nereby places before its construction, and follow-up management is also reinforced, such as joint inspection of stench emitting business places and installation of anti-smelling facilities.
The comprehensive malodor prevention plan will be carried out under 3 strategies - strengthening the management of odor-discharge sources, controlling odor by residents' participation and proactive management - as well as detailed plans according to each strategy.
Companies that received malodor complaints for over a year outside of the stench management area and exceeded the emission standards more than 3 times will be classified as Stench Emitting Facilities and will have stronger follow-up management.
To help citizens actively participate in malodor-related administration, it will establish an ordinance to activate resident participation governance and also operate a system of malodor monitoring agents, honorary guards and joint inspection by civil and government officials.
New places of business such as factories that have potential for stenches will be applied of the Assessment on Accumulated Effects of Malodor and operate a preventive odor management system that makes the company establish a proper reduction measure according to the results of the Assessment.
The winner of the match will have a chance to challenge the featherweight champion Moon Ki-beom at the next match, the AFC 13.
Market research firm IHS Markit said on the 29th that global semiconductor sales reached 101.2 billion dollars in the first quarter of this year, down 12.9% from 116.2 billion dollars in the same period last year.
Considering that Intel had difficulties in supplying 14-nano CPUs and that demands for PCs and servers have been slowing down for many years, it seems that it did a great job.
According to market research firm TrendForce, prices of DRAMs are expected to continue to fall in May and June, with a 25% fall from the previous quarter for the whole of the second quarter.
Aramic, stemmed from the Semitic language which is the oldest language in the world, appeared around the 10th century B.C. and was widely used throughout the Middle East.
While the owner's family is struggling to prepare the inheritance tax, shares of Hanjin Kal have shown no signs of returning to their original positions after soaring last month.
Doosan, whose stock price plummeted due to the owner family's massive sales of stakes, is also known to have made the decision to secure finances for inheritance tax.
With the stake rate exceeding 15%, the gap from the stake of Cho Yang-ho, the late former chairman of Hanjin Group who was the largest shareholder, narrowed to within 2% points.
If the stakes of Hanjin Group Chairman Cho Won-tae (2.34%) and other members of the owner family and the special relations with Hanjin Kal are combined, stable management rights at 28.93% can be secured.
Analysts say that while the bill aimed at improving the treatment of part-time lecturers was suspended, the part-time lecturers' livelihoods were continuously threatened and the right to study was continuously violated.
This year, with 8 themes of "#야#" (night) - #야사#, #야로#, #야설#, #야화#, #야경#, #야숙#, #야시#, #야식# -, it will hold a lively feast walking, dancing, eating and enjoying under the moonlight of Silla.
#야로# will explore the road of Silla's tales, and #야설# will show puppet shows and #대동놀이판# where people dance and have fun wearing masks.
Son Heung-min was born in Chuncheon and grew into a world-class player under the guidance of his father Son Woong-jeong (age 57), a former professional football player, in his childhood.
President Trump immediately took his words back after he realized he had made a slip of the tongue, but it is interesting that it was a scene that came amid a renewed "Russian scandal" after the press conference of special prosecutor Robert Mueller.
Voices criticizing the travel agency's fault are coming out as the fact became known that passengers did not wear life vests in the sinking of the cruise boat Hableány at Danube river in Budapest, Hungay.
The "Travel Agent Safety Management Guidebook", published by the Korea Association of Travel Agents in January last year, contains things for travel agencies to consider when planning domestic and foreign travel.
An overnight search took place the night of the 29th (in local time) in Danube River in Budapest, Hungary, where the small cruise boat Hableány sank, but no missing persons were found.
The water level of the Danube River is likely to rise to 5.8m in the next few days due to a large amount of rain that has been continuously falling recently, according to the MTI.
The Korean government sent 7 members from the Navy's ship salvage unit, 6 from the Coast Guard's rescue team and 2 from the National Risk Management Center to support the Hungarian authorities' rescue efforts.
Captain Yuri was detained urgently as his status was changed to a suspect after being questioned on the accident and an arrest warrant is said to have been requested.
More than 130 pregnant women, including those from multicultural families and those who escaped from North Korea, attended the event and received 15 items of childbirth supplies, including powdered milk, milk bottles, baby clothes and water tissues.
The Prenatal Music Concert, consisting of talent donations from musicians and help of volunteers, presented comfort and joy to pregnant women who came to the concert hall with heavy bodies.
The Electro-Optical Targeting System (EOTS) can counter almost any ground, air and sea threats, including enemy aircraft, ground fixed targets, tanks, mobile missile launchers, and combat ships.
The maneuverability of the craft, such as supersonic flight performance, acceleration performance and climb capability, is in part lower than that of the F-22 Raptor, but it has the excellent ability to make quick turns or quick maneuvers.
Japan has deployed 13 such super fighter jets since January, and has decided to introduce a total of 42 fighter jets, including those.
Oh Young-hoon, a member of the National Assembly's 20th Agriculture, Food, Rural Affairs, Oceans and Fisheries Committee, headed the committee, while Lee Sung-woo, director of the Korea Maritime Institute headquarters, and Song Ki-jin, head of the Hyein E&C Port Project, made the topic statement.
The session is significant in that it is the first "discussion" to seek a maritime-based development model in Jeju, Korea's leading international marine city.
In a game against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the 2019 Major League Baseball held at Coors Field in Denver, Colorado, on the 31st (in Korean time), Oh Seunghwan finished with 1 strikeout, 1 walk and no runs in 1 inning.
The measure is based on the inspection result that the budget redistribution & execution that entrust non-commissioned office work to eup, myeon, dong is unfair under the Office Work Commision Ordinance (Regulation). The measure is implemented to address the criticism that eup, myeon, dong are overloaded with work due to the budget redistributed by the provincial council.
The need to improve the policy was also brought up during the "On-site talk with eup, myeon, dong" which Jeju Island operated from April 24 to 28.
The policy revision on redistribution of budget for annual expenditure aims to reduce the work of eup, myeon, dong that are in the frontline of administration by controlling projects that are repeatedly allocated annually in terms of work efficiency at the provincial and administrative headquarters.
Afreeca Freecs attacked Phong Vũ Buffalo's headquarters on a 1-3-1 split composition and had a big battle in the 25th minute in the bottom lane scoring 4 kills with no death. 
As soon as they received the accident report, Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Embassy of the Republic of Korea in Nepal set up a protection team for Koreans living overseas and an on-site task force grasping the scale of the accident working with Nepal Police.
Moreover, Nepal Police are approaching the scene of the accident on foot and anticipate being able to reach the camp on the 14th.
On the 11th , the Washington Post previously reported that Saudis had informed the United States that they had an audio recording and a video clearly showing that they had killed Khashoggi at the Saudi consulate in Istanbul, Turkey.
There is a concern about the possibility that the 110 billion dollar arms deal signed with Saudi Arabia earlier this year might be destroyed.
On last June 15 , a towering ash column from the eruption of Volcán de Fuego (Volcano of Fire), San Miguelos Rotes, Guatemala, was spotted.
Volcano de Fuego, which caused at least 110 deaths and more than 300 missing persons in the eruption in last June, erupted again on the 13th and hurled volcanic ash and lava up to 4600m in the air. 
Moreover, Nepal Police are approaching the scene of the accident on foot and anticipate being able to reach the camp on the 14th.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs is planned to deploy on the 15th a quick response team consisting of 2 members to Nepal to facilitate the bereaved visit, funeral process and so on.
10 people, including the SantaFe driver A (63), were injured with varying degrees of severity in the accident and taken to a nearby hospital and are being treated at the hospital. 
It is reported that one out of five smartphone users in Korea is addicted to smartphones, but there are only 45 counselors.
The video is causing laughs of a donkey carrying on its back a drunk man who couldn’t even walk. 
Chun In-gee scored birdies from the start at the first and second and  excelled getting more birdies at the fifth, sixth and ninth. 
As Leon Williams, who joined as Aaron Haynes’s temporary replacement, got thrown out of the game for five fouls, SK had even a harder time. 
According to the Federation, on the night of 21 last month #Jang Hak-young# approached #Lee Han-sam#, who was staying at a hotel in Busan for an away match ahead, and offered him to fix a match. 
It is said that #Jang Hak-young# offered Lee Han-sam 50 million won if Lee gets kicked out within the first 20 minutes of the first half during the game against Busan IPark which was scheduled to be held the next day. 
After 2 defeats on that one day, RNG barely reached the last eight after winning its last game against Gen. G. 
A sunny day is expected for most parts of the country on the 17th, day after tomorrow, Wednesday; however, #Youngdong# in #Gangwon Province# and the East Coast in #Gyeongbuk Province# will experience mostly cloudy skies with chances of isolated rain showers.
The reason is that some malicious creditors could be trying to obtain the debtor’s collateral property on the cheap after intentionally evading repayment. 
In fact, one creditor called his debtor on the repayment day and lied he would put off the date, and then as soon as the date passed, he filed for an auction for the collateral property. 
As connecting transportation including buses and taxies are being located at the lower part of the station, a new passenger path system that will lead straight to public transportation after passengers get off the train will be employed.
Considering the city’s renown for gray whales, Korea Rail Network Authority plans to design the station to embody the streamlined back of a gray whale surfacing in the ocean.
#Jangsaengpo Port,# Ulsan, is a migration site where gray whales pass by for breeding, and ‘the Gray Whale Migration Site’ has been designated as Natural Monument No. 126.
The city has completely transformed the changing rooms, showers and lockers at #Ihotaewu Beach# and equipped # Gwakji Beach# with a city welcome sign and LED lights and #Hyeopjae Beach# with a mist cooling fog system (which sprays tap water in mist form to lower the temperature and provide a dynamic visual effect).
Installing a pedestrian bridge and remodeling changing rooms and showers are scheduled this year at #Ihotaewu Beach,# and next year expanding parking lots at #Hyeopjae Beach# and revamping the square and the floor at # Gwakji Beach.# 
Doosan Corporation opened a general distribution center Doosan Logipia (photo) in Pyeongtaek, Gyeonggi Province, and stated on the 14th it is determined to provide comprehensive downstream services including forklift truck rentals and repair, parts and used car sales. 
Doosan Corporation has been aggressively moving to expand its comprehensive downstream services having taken over a British forklift rental service firm, Rushlift, in 2015 and opened a factory store in Atlanta, United States, last year, which directly offers product sales and services.
As smartphone users are waiting longer to switch to a new phone, it is analyzed that companies’ strategically raising their prices to make up for is becoming commonplace. 
At UL International Crown, which was held last week in Songdo, Incheon, #Chun In-gee# led her country to first victory and came out on top derailing slump she suffered in her country. 
On the 14th, Chun, scoring seven birdies and one bogey in the final round 4, won the LPGA KEB Hana Bank Championship at 16-under at Sky 72 Golf Club Ocean Course (par 72), Incheon.
Chun In-gee made a grand debut by winning Vare Trophy (award for season's lowest scoring average) and Rookie of the Year in her debut year of 2016, but since then she went without a victory.
Chun In-gee went through difficult times where she finished in second place six times among 43 games after winning the 2016 Evian Championship.
Chun In-gee was the only team member who won all four rounds, and she made critical contribution to the victory of Team Korea. 
Hull, who competed against Chun In-gee for the Championship, played 1-under 71 with 5 birdies and 4 bogeys, finishing second place for a total score of a 13-under. 
World No. 1 Park Sung-hyun shared third place with Ariya Jutanugarn, Lee Min-jee and Danielle Kang at a 12-under 276. 
Woori Bank revealed that it donated 10million rupiah (about 74.7 million won) in damage relief aid for the Indonesian island of Sulawesi, hard hit by the earthquakes and tsunami.
Winning the day's last game against G2, they were qualified to stay one more week in Busan.  
Having won EU League Championship Series (EU LCS) in 2016 and 2017, they rose to prominence as a new rising team. 
Being prudent, Coach Bento has not decided who to man the net though Cho Hyun-woo is the most expected main goalkeeper as he, playing as a wildcard, once again had a striking presence at the 2018 Asian Games in Jakarta and Palembang as in the World Cup
Kim Seung-gyu, who played in the game against Costa Rica while Cho Hyeon-woo was absent with an injury last month, clearly caught Coach Bento's eye. 
As Son Heung-min, Nam Tae-hee and Lee Jae-sung are on the second offensive line, Lee Seung-woo's presence is not relatively big. 
Bento's decision on which star players will get recognized and play at the game is still unknown. 
The exhibition of Kenny Sharf is currently on view at the Lotte Museum of Art, on Olympic-ro, Songpa-gu, Seoul, who has taken up the baton from Andy Warhol and with Keith Haring and Jean-Michel Basquiat written a new history in pop art and street art.
On the 15th, a day before a friendly match against Panama, Coach Paulo Bento is listening to reporters’ questions at #Cheonan Sports Complex# in Chungnam. 
The report created a stir that Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO) suffered a loss of more than 32 billion won as a result of miscounts or errors in book entry in the process of removing unused assets .  
Quoting the data submitted on the 15th by KEPCO to Lee Hun, a Democratic member of Trade, Industry, Energy, SMEs and Startups Committee, Hankook Ilbo reported on the 16th that KEPCO made an error on 32.6 billion won in the process of 'elimination' of its 396.9billion-won asset.  
Elimination here means removing material assets that cannot be used any more from the holding asset inventory. 
For instance, assuming its current value at 10 won, they inserted -90 won for the value of wire with the life expectancy of 5 years bought for 100 won 5 years ago. 
Representative Lee traced the loss and found out that it was caused because the electricity meter data recorded on KEPCO database and the actual electricity meters on the site did not match. 
KEPCO is said to have explained the cause of such big losses was employees' lack of proficiency in accounting and ignorance of the importance of accounting. 
Attended by some 400 including Bucheon Environment Minister #Kim Eun-kyung,# Bucheon Mayor #Chang Duk-cheon,# and the governors of local government recipients, the award ceremony was held on the 16th afternoon at #Eoulmadang# on the 2nd floor of Bucheon City Hall.
The city set a goal of #’Making a Climate Change Resilient City’# and realized 'Zero Flood Damage' by building the country's first anti-flood tunnel in the city center which was a frequently flooded area. 
Park Byung-ho (32), who returned to Nexen Heroes this year; Son Ah-seop (30), who signed a free-agent contract to remain with Lotte; and KIA Choi Hyung-woo (35) jointly ranked third with an annual salary of 1.5 billion won. 
For women's games, there were unexpected problems such as Kim Yi-seul being replaced with a head injury after hit by an opponent's foot during the quarter final and Lee Min-joo, sick with enteritis, still playing after having received an IV injection.   
After the house was found, through an independent service, to have no value for preservation due to expansion and reconstruction by its resident in the 1950s, the city is reviewing measures such as building a memorial park near the redevelopment lot. 
Thanks to the victory at the ATP Shanghai Masters, China, which ended the day before, the ranking points went up to 7445, and Djokovic displaced Roger Federer (37). 
Before that from the 22nd, Djokovic can play one of the two games held in Basel, Switzerland, and in Vienna, Austria, respectively.
It is also notable that it presented its own brand products as export goods such as #Seonnyo Hwajangpoom,# #921 Salgyulmool,# #Bullocho Shampoo,# #Hyulgoong Bullojeong.#
The level of fine particulate matter (PM 2.5) was recorded 'bad' in most of the peninsula's west including Seoul and Incheon, northern Gyeonggi Province, the Chungcheong area.
The world's number one electric shaver maker, Philips, launched a top of the line 'S9000 Prestige' celebrating 80 years since its launch of the world’s first rotary razor.  
With the start of Dokdo Research Institute at Yeongnam University holding a conference under the topic 'Comparison between Korean and Japanese Dokdo Education' on the 26th, Dokdo Foundation will hold 'East Sea and Dokdo Academic Research Symposium" at the Korean Center in Yao, Osaka, Japan (on the 27th), and Dokdo & An Yongbok Research Institute at Daegu Haany University will host An Yongbok Conference (on the 31st). 
As an established landmark in Osaka, it is conducting many duties such as industry creation, culture spread, international exchange and human resource development with a goal to become a birthplace of new value integrating emotion and technology.
Under the agreement, Asia Culture Institute can promote active exchange among researchers through the international researchers and exchange support project.
As a measure to create a virtuous cycle in the stagnant local economy, Governor Yang introduced specific products such as Chungnam-style social insurance payment support, hosting a certification support center for automobile replacement parts in Naepo, confirmation of Chungnam Defense National Industrial Complex being nominated as a national industrial complex and hosting a display platform.
Of the most significant issues, designating Naepo Innovative City and moving public institutes are planned to be provided with detailed response strategies before the end of the year. 
According to the city, Osong Station, the country's only KTX junction railway station where Gyeongbu high-speed railway and Honam high-speed railway cross, has an average of more than 20 thousand daily users and 8 million users in a year.  
To mitigate such inconvenience, after a discussion with Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport; National Agency for Administrative City Construction; Chungbukdo Province; Korea Rail Network Authority; Korail; the city has planned to build a bus transit center consisting of 7 bus platforms, 7 parking curb sides for buses and 1 wing for passenger facilities.
The city is planned to sign a contract with Korail this month regarding free use of the lot reserved for the transit center, start working design next month, and finish building the bus transit center in the first half of next year. 
It has been supported by #Kotz Inc.,# National Sports Promotion Corporation, Seongnam-si, Eulji University and Korea Sports Safety Foundation and sponsored by Korea Twotwoball Association, #Invention Sports,# Zaicro Inc., Tahki, #Crazy Football Inc., Family Sports Academy, #Prospecs, Kessler, Skymilk and Educhange.
James played Conference Finals for 8 consecutive years, in Miami Heat for 4 seasons from the 2010-2011season and in Cleveland Cavaliers from the 2014-1025 season to last season.  
A Western Conference team is predominantly forecasted to win again, but it is hard to overlook the potential of Boston, Philadelphia, and Tronto Raptors in the Eastern Conference. 
The team made to the Conference Finals even after losing excellent forward Gordon Hayward in the opening game and without ace Kyrie Irving at the playoff due to an injury.
Manpower is still strong with players like second-year forward Jayson Tatum, who is calm and competent not like a rookie, and veteran center Al Horford.
Joel Embiid, who averaged 22.9 points, 11 rebounds and 3.2 assists last season, has become NBA's top center at his best . 
If guard-forward Ben Simmons, who has won the Rookie of the Year Award last season, improves his weakness shooting, his team could be a good candidate for the championship. 
Although Cousins is in rehab, Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green, who played major roles in its 2-game winning streak, are in good shape. 
There are cases where red-light districts have been shut down and turned into a cultural space, but #Jagalmadang# is the first case where a cultural space opened in a running red-light district. 
While glass houses on the first floor and small rooms on the third, distinctive to brothels, were left as they were, the rest was turned into an exhibition place. 
In the midst of such situation, with the U.S. Representative Biegun visiting Europe, the possibility of the meeting between Biegun and Choi Sun-hee in the region cannot be completely ruled out. 
The magnitude of the earthquake was 2.0 which only a small number of people can feel in the quiet or those on higher floors. 
JTBC ‘Newsroom’ reported that higher than 10 times of the radon action level of 148 Bq was detected from #‘Oneulseupgwan’# sanitary pads, which were so popular that it was hard to buy them without reservation.  
Lee Seok-ki, a former assemblyman of the United Progressive Party (UPP) lost the suit against Chosun Ilbo and TV Chosun, which reported he had “participated in espionage.”
The former assemblyman Lee was arrested in 2013 for an alleged rebellion plot and in the first trial in February 2014 sentenced to 12 years and stripped of the right to run for office for 10 years.  
At the second trial at the Appeal Court, the charge of the alleged rebellion plot was dismissed, and the verdict was changed from 9 years of imprisonment to 7 years of suspension of qualification; however, Constitutional Court ordered in December 2014 the dissolution of the United Progressive Party (UPP) stripping Lee and other 4 party members of office. 
To efficiently run a training course for culture and arts policy at the city's Human Resources Development Center, it has decided to provide specialized training contents and professional faculty. 
Lee Yeon-seong is an active superb opera singer in the country who graduated Aspirant from Moscow State Tchaikovsky Conservatory and received the Pushkin Medal, an honorary medal from the Russian president Putin.  
Suncheon-si announced on the 17th that 2 hooded cranes, natural monument number 228, were spotted in Suncheon Bay on the last 16th, a day earlier than in last year.    
The number of hooded cranes, which are a symbol for Suncheon-si, is in a growing trend since 1996, when some 70 were spotted; 350 in 2008, 1725 in 2016 and 2167 in 2017: Suncheon Bay Wetland has become the world's renowned wintering site for them. 
The star franchise DeMar DeRozan, who scored 13,296 points, 2,739 rebounds and 2,078 assists in the last 9 seasons with Toronto Raptors, was traded for Kawhi Leonard from San Antonio Spurs. 
To raise his value, Leonard needs some good records unlike in the last season when he didn't play much at all for an unknown reason. 
It is preferable if Leonard, after having scored the best record sine the team's founding, decides to stay with the team, but it may have to start rebuilding immediately if he decides to depart in free agency.
Befitting this year's theme 'Retro LOVE,' it will stage the ambience of a new and entertaining fall night by contemporarily reinterpreting various music from which you can feel nostalgia, and with dramatic multiple fireworks shows it plans to present the audience moving moments.  
As risk of soft ground has recently surfaced, a newly developed construction method that can drastically decrease the number of safety accidents and the construction cost is attracting much attention.   
Korea Iron Steel Industry, specializing in rebar mill processing, announced on the 17th that it has invented and produces 'helical reinforcement columns' which can eliminates the inconvenience from working in a small workplace and reduce the construction time with its high-quality, simple  construction. 
Due to the strike, taxi users are expected to experience some inconvenience from 4 A.M. on the 18th to 4 A.M. next day. 
Massive taxi protest was set off after Kakao Mobility launched a carpooling app 'Kakao Carpool Crew' put an ad for drivers wanted.
The taxi industry protested that Kakao had obtained its dominant position in the taxi market harnessing Kakao Taxi and is now bent on making a haul.  
Kim Jin-yong, Commissioner of Incheon Free Economic Zone Authority; Tsutomu Isobe, President at Amada Holdings Co Ltd.; and some 60 officials from the construction company Fujita Construction; attended the opening ceremony on the day. 
As comprehensive metalworking machine manufacturer, Amada Holdings, Japan, is operating in the businesses of sheet metal fabrication machines, metal cutting machines, machine tools, stamping presses, and precision welders.
South Korean military personnel are in the middle of mine removal efforts in Cheorwon County, Gangwon Province, on the 17th afternoon in the DMZ. 
Every year from October 1 to November 30, Jeollanam-do Ocean & Fisheries Science Institute studies the number of salmon returning to Seomjin River through Gosari Route in Daap-myeon, Gwangyang-si, and Pyeongsari Route in Agyang-myeon, Hadong-gun, Gyeongsangnam-do. 
Salmon returning to Seomjin River are the little salmon released 3 to 5 years ago that are now coming back to spawn from a long 16,000km journey from Bering Sea and North Pacific Ocean.
Among theses salmon that come back, some are induced to spawn naturally in the upper Seomjin River, and some are caught and moved to the conservation facility for artificial insemination 
It is shown that more than 100,000 unlawful online trades of personal data of Korean people were caught last year. 
The number of the unlawful trades of personal data caught on social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook was 1,053 in 2014 and 2,088 in 2015, but it rocketed to 12,028 in 2016 and 1,0115 in the last year. 
Also the number of unlawful trades of personal data caught on portal site Naver by July this year rocketed to 9,899 from the last year (962).
Jeju Island and Jeju Tourism Organization announced on the 16th that under the theme 'VISIT JEJU,' they hosted the 1st and 2nd 'Jeju Tourism Presentations'(photo) in New Delhi and Mumbai, India, targeting the local travel industry. 
Jeju Tour Organization chose India as a new main market to diversify the tourism market and develop a new one, and since last July, it has been working with Korea Tourism Organization and India's large travel agency Cox & Kings to develop a luxury product.   
Special Support Team will pick, as the priority recipients of support, 50 small and medium-sized enterprises expected to have difficulty getting certificates of origin and support them in various ways until the end of this November . 
Customs will help businesses in deciding their goods subject to retaliatory tariff as it institutes the item classification advance screening system to ease the burden in deciding the country of origin for export goods.
Measures for post verification of exported goods, consultation for certified exporter license acquisition and, upon request, pre-examination of country of origin for export verification are provided. 
In the second year of the CJ Cup, which was played for the first time last year, the world's top-class golfers like Brooks Koepka (28, the U.S.), Marc Leishman (35, Australia) and Jason Day (31, Australia) are expected to rise to a challenge as strong as Jeju wind.
With his amazing feat of winning two major titles (U.S. Open and PGA Championship) this year, Koepka was named 'the Player of the Year' for the 2017-2018 season by PGA Tour. 
Besides, Day, Hideki Matsuyama (26, Japan), Paul Casey(41, England), and Adam Scott (38, Australia) are also the players that can reach the top at any time.   
Among Korean players, Kim Min-whee (26), who ranked the fourth last year and has the best score; Jeju native Im Sung-jae (20), who is a strong candidate for the 2017-2018 PGA Tour Rookie of the Year; and An Byeong-hun (27) are expected to play particularly well. 
Capturing a come-from-behind win the LPGA KEB Hana Bank Championship on the 14th, Chun In-gee moved up from 15 from 27 last week on Rolex Rankings with the point of 4.79.
Wonju DB Promy took its first win of the season after the intense second overtime period against Changwon LG Sakers. 
Now, it is confirmed that 3 Chinese teams, 2 Korean teams, 2 European teams and 1 North American teams will be playing quarter finals in this year's league of Legends World Championship.
For instance, while the average change of tide in Asan Bay on the West Coast of Korea is 8.9m, on the East Coast it is a mere 30cm. 
On top of this, shallow sea causes friction with the ground delaying the rising tide and, as more sea water surges later, increases the change of tide further more. 
The UK’s international organization the British Council announced that on the 23rd it will host 'HR Trend Catch-up Networking Party' for the company's HR staff. 
This event will be aimed at the company's HR staff at British Embassy Seoul in Jeong-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul, and address 'HR Changes for Millennial Generation' in depth.
There are many rural regions where DTI regulations do not apply and the average DSR is higher than at commercial banks. 
Banks in the rural area must keep loans with a DSR exceeding 70% among the new loan amount under 30% and loans with a DSR exceeding 90% under 25%. 
Special purpose banks must keep loans with a DSR exceeding 70% among the new loan amount under 25% and loans with a DSR exceeding 90% under 20%. 
For instance, a man who lives in Seoul with an annual salary of 50 million won can borrow up to 20 million won of the total annual principal repayment of mortgage loan in accordance with the DTI regulations (40% at present).
Because having a minus bankbook with a 100-million-won limit or credit loan did not get counted as principal, it didn't much affect applying for a loan.
Besides, because college loan payment or car loan payment, if you have any, get counted as principal repayment, thus they will lower the possible loan amount or make it impossible all together.
It is the government's policy that after carefully weighing income and actual loan principal repayment burden, it will lend out a loan only when repayment can be made.  
Islamic terrorist are claiming that they are not legally responsible no matter what they do because the girl refused to convert to Islam, and now the girl is at grave risk of death.
Christian Solidarity Worldwide (CSW), International Christian Concern (ICC) and other Christian persecution watchdogs have tried hard including protesting for Leah's release.  
Despite the cry for release all around the world, they executed an International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) aid worker Saifura Ahmed on the last 16th, and they have warned to execute Leah and other hostages in a month staggering the world.   
Jeju Island announced on the 18th to begin 'Jeju Migrant Worker Consultation and Call Center Establishment Project' with a special grant of 50 million won as part of the multicultural migrant center project implemented by Ministry of Public Administration and Security.  
It is a measure being taken to cope efficiently with the growing demand for consultation for migrant workers as the effect of migrant worker issues on the overall local economy is getting bigger, .   
Jeju Migrant Worker Consultation Center is already offering consultation services to migrant workers regarding unpaid wages, physical abuse, move of business, IDs withheld, trouble in adjusting, medical needs, returning home and more through affiliated organizations (Jeju Immigration Office, National Police Agency, Ministry of Employment and Labor) and visits to company dormitories, but it plans to strengthen its consultation work through phone by adding a call center.    
Among 23,323 foreigners registered in Jeju Island as of last June, the number of migrant workers is estimated to be 21,838 (9,839 documented, 12,000 undocumented). 
During the peak rush hour between 7 and 8 A.M. on the day, many people interviewed in various areas of Seoul reported they had no big trouble despite the fewer taxis than usual .  
“Committee against illegal carpooling”--composed of the National Taxi Association and others--requested the companies to waive sanapgeum (the money which corporate taxi drivers turn over to the company out of their daily earning) on the day of protest, but there was no compulsion. 
Both Kawhi Leonard (Toronto Raptors) and DeMar DeRozan (San Antonio Spurs), who swapped their teams in the last August trade, tallied their first win on the same day. 
Assemblyman Yoon Young-il; Park Jun-young, Director of Planning and Coordination for the Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries; Shin U-chul, Governor of Wando-gun; Ahn Jae Yong, President & CEO of DAE SUN Shipbuilding & Engineering Co., Ltd.; Kim Jong-ha, Operation General Manager for Korea Ship Safety Technology Authority; Lee Yong-seop, Chairman of Korea Shipping Association, related VIP guests and some 200 officials attended the launching ceremony on the day. 
Thanks to "vertical gardens," designed for plants to grow on vertical walls, the classroom environment became pleasant and students more environmentally sensitive.  
Vertical gardens, combining plants and air-purification capacities, circulate polluted indoor air from leaves to soil and to roots microorganism.
Hallasan soju, which has been advertised to be made with Jeju volcanic mineral water, was found inappropriate for drinking in the groundwater quality test by from the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety
Because of its violation of the Food Sanitation Act, the facility repair order was imposed on Hallasan soju which orders the improvement of the facility within a given period. 
At the press conference earlier this year, Hallasan soju explained concerns that 'it had been made with waste water caused by illegal discharge of livestock manure'. 
In fact, the reporter could clearly see the benefit of 'pre-payment' where the fare gets calculated beforehand by estimating the expected traffic jam and the distance when he used Uber in the U.S. earlier this year. 
Ulsan Hyundai Mobis is making a strong appearance as a strong favorite after the opening of the new season pro basketball regular league. 
Hyundai Mobis, which suffered a crushing defeat at the opening game against Busan KT on the last 13th, won the game against Goyang Orions by 111-82. 
Though at the beginning of the season, it is proving itself the prediction that 7 out of 10 team coaches picked Hyundai Mobis as a favorite.  
Beside Yang Donggeun and Ham Jihun being , Center Lee Jonghyun, who suffered from an injury last season, comes into the court looking healthy. 
Lee Daesung and Park Gyungsang, who are in the starting lineup for 10-20 minutes, are great guards who can play full time as starters. 
While Jung-gu, Dong-gu and Buk-gu offer 500,000 won for the birth of a second child and 1,000,000 won for a third child, Nam-gu offers 1,000,000 won each for a second child and a third child. 
Ulju-gun offers 100,000 won even for the birth of a first child, 1,200,000 won for a second child and 2,400,000 won for a third child. 
Local governments in Ulsan are aggressively increasing childbirth subsidies to boost the birthrate, but it is not resulting in the increase of the birthrate.
Kate Gilmore, United Nations Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights; Choi Young-ae, Chairwoman of the National Human Rights  Commission of Korea; and others, will discuss about detailed agenda regarding 'Whom Do We Live With?'  
World Martial Arts Committee (WMC), which leads the advancement of martial arts through opening World Martial Arts Masterships World Martial Arts Masterships and other measures, and UNESCO International Centre of Martial Arts(ICM) have decided to work together to advance martial arts. 
WMC Secretary General Choi Jaegeun and ICM Secretary General Kim Sihyeon signed a business agreement at the Chungju City Hall on the 17th and agreed to promote the two organizations' mutual improvement through martial arts. 
Foreign players played their parts well by scoring two-digit points: Jequan Lewis 17 and  Darryl Monroe 12.
In the later part of the quarter, they successfully turned around the game at 34-30 with Kim Gangsun and Seong Jaejun's 3 point field goals and Choi Jinsu's 3 point field buzzer beater right before the end.   
Even when permitted, a boundary must be set within 3km from the event venue and a safety guard must be deployed at the 2km spot on the forecast wind direction. 
Firefighting Basic Law, revised last December, allows fire stations to issue orders of prohibition or restriction of  dangerous activities for fire prevention.
The authorities' announcements on whether this tragedy was caused by an explosive or a gunman were all different, and it caused some confusion. 
In the gun assault which happened during a meeting attended by Scott Miller, the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan, 3 people including Afghan top police general died and at least 3 people were injured reported Washington Post (WP).  
In this assault, 3 top police officials including Abdul Raziq, Kandahar's top police general, died and at least 3 American soldiers and civilians were injured. 
Just one more step to the dream stage in the baseball world, 'Korean Monster' Ryu Hyunjin, of LA Dodgers, is going on the mound to lead his team to the World Series.  
Boston's Jackie Bradley Jr., who hit a decisive grand slam in the day before game, hit a two-run homerun at the beginning of the 6th inning with 2 outs and  a runner on second, while the time was losing 4 to 5, and shifted the mood. 
Recently, the world's prominent semiconductor manufacturers have taken a new approach where they only design chips and outsource their manufacturing to third party companies.
It is the first time that the nation-wide data regarding the measurement results were revealed since 2012, when the Korea Environment Corporation, which has  been in charge of radon measurement and reduction services for houses, started these services.  
There is concern that the percentage of houses and public facilities with more than the permissible level will become higher if classified with WHO guidelines.
The National Sports Festival this year was held under the slogan 'Robust Strength, Solid Unity and Shining Advance' in Ilwon, Jeollabuk-do, from October 12 to 18. 
Chun Chang-rok, who, having participated in angel investment, mentoring and acceleration for promising startups, has various experiences in not only large enterprises but also small and medium-sized enterprises, is considered to be a foremost expert who will carry out the economic policies of Governor Lee Cheol-woo, who wishes to revive the regional economy. 
Incheon announced on the 19th that 'Neonadeuli Campground,' in Incheon Grand Park, where families can fully enjoy the nature and rest, will open on November 1.  
With the nearby Incheon Grand Park's nature scenery in harmony with Gwanmosan Mountain and available park facilities such as an arboretum, a rose garden, a lake garden and children's zoo, the campground is perfect for family-sized campers to enjoy outdoor activities and rest. 
After a press conference protesting against the queer festival at Gwangju Metropolitan Council at around 2 P.M., they visited and talked with Mayor Lee at his office on the 3rd floor of Gwangju Metropolitan City Hall. 
Saudi authorities denied any knowledge of his whereabouts since the disappearance of Khashoggi; however, as the pressure from the international community grew, it tried to 'separate itself' claiming it was individual aberrant mistake by the country's intelligence agent.
According to the sources who requested anonymity, Saudi leadership is expected to explain that General Al-Assiri misunderstood Prince Bin Salman's order or killed Khashoggi exceeding his authorities.
General Al-Assiri is known to have sometimes attended President Bin Salman's meetings with U.S. officials. 
Both organizations decided to mutually cooperate to discover premium agricultural products and specialty in the Gyeongbuk area and to find a new market and invigorate marketing.
AfreecaTV StarCraft League (ASL) defending champion Jeong Yoon-jong will have an event match under the title of 'KSL vs ASL' at 2018 BlizzCon next month.  
Unlike the worries, the Chinese stock market seemed to be rising, and as a result, the domestic stock market seems to have regained stability. 
The Blue House requires the concerned chief secretary or government ministry official to directly respond to a petition with more than 200,000 signatures within 30 day.
On the 19th (Korean time), James started the 2018-2019 NBA regular league game against Portland Trail Blazers at Moda Center, in Portland, Oregon, the U.S., and scored 26 points, 12 rebounds and 6 assists. 
James along with Rajon Rondo, Brandon Ingram, JaVale McGee and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope were in the first quarter starting lineup.
Brooks Koepka, who played against defending champion Justin Thomas (25, U.S.) and Im Sung-jae among others, moved up to second place for a total score of an 8-under from a 1-under the day before. 
Chez Reavie (34, U.S.), the overnight leader at 4-under, reduced 2 shots today solely finishing third for a total score of a 6-under. 
Paul Casey (41, England) became the first who got a hole-in-one at the CJ Cup @ Nine Bridges (the CJ Cup), the only official PGA Tour in the country. 
After assessment, Tuning Association President's Award (2 rolls of 3M 1080, worth about 2 million won, and an SR Carskin leather tool bag) will be given to the winner the grand prize, the Korea 3M Award (1 roll of 3M 1080, worth about 1 million won, and an SR Carskin leather tool bag) to the winner of the gold prize, and the Korea 3M Award (an SR Carskin leather tool bag and kit full set, worth about 500,000 won) to the winner of the silver prize.  
According to Assemblyman Shim's analysis of National Tax Service's data, when adopting the specific taxes, for a 500 ml can beer, domestic beer will gets 363 won cheaper while imported beer gets 89 won more expensive.  
Ryu Hyunjin, who revived with many different pitching styles this year, wishes to put an end mark to his successful revival at the postseason stage after 4 years.   
Despite the good news that China was not called out as a currency manipulator, Bank of Korea's lowering economic growth rate and the U.S.' raising the interest rates of its government bonds dragged down the index.
On the first day at 'the CJ Cup @ Nine Bridge (CJ Cups),' an U.S. Professional Golfers' Association (PGA) Tour held in their home country, Korean players and players of Korean descents played well against the unpredictable wind. 
On the 18th, Hyundai Motor Company had a groundbreaking ceremony at the site of Kids Auto Park, in Gangdong Tourism Complex, in Bukgu, Ulsan, while it was attended by Song Byeonggi, Deputy Minister of Economy of Ulsan Metropolitan City; Ha Eontae, Vice President of Hyundai Motors Company; Hae Buyoung, the branch manage of Metal Workers Union at Hyundai Motor Company; and other officials
Ulsan-si will provide the site, Hyundai Motor Company support construction and management, and Korean Association for Safe Communities develop education program and take charge of actual operation. 
Both South Korea and the U.S. tried to narrow the gap on main issues including cost sharing but failed to reach an agreement in this meeting.  
To minimize the time until the next around of negotiations, both South Korea and the U.S. decided to continue their negotiations under the spirit of mutual respect and understanding as allies with the goal of the final agreement in November.
The Foreign Ministry stated that the next meeting will be held in the U.S. in November and more detailed schedule for it will be decided afterwards through diplomatic channels.  
Pine needle oil, the main ingredient for health functional food at Pine Needle Inc., is extracted by steaming pine needles with high heat which are picked from clean areas, washed and dried. 
The former director Won and the former president Jeon were  brought to trial for interrupting the production by relocating 8 producers of 'PD Notebook' to a department where they couldn't engage in the production. 
This year, the city subsidized the purchase of 287 eco-friendly cars, about 100 more than the originally planned 179, and plans to subsidize that of 470 cars next year. 
The city is promoting indoor air quality improvement projects to finish supplying air purifiers to all the daycare centers in the Sejong city until next year and changing the wallpaper and linoleum at houses of 11 elderly people living alone and 27 senior citizen centers. 
Asperger syndrome is known not to affect one's physical or psychological development but to have the characteristic of having significant difficulties in communication or not being able to stay still due to brain disorder.
Gang Jongyeol's paintings that grandiosely depict the forest of camellia that comes into blooms of scarlet flowers after overcoming strong wind and freezing cold in Yeosu are not just a landscape to look at but a landscape to walk through the  nature and experience the life's energy. 
Based on this decision that considered actors in Korea Broadcasting Actors Union as workers, Korea Broadcasting Actors Union was given the  power to collectively bargain, so now it seems to be able to bargain with 3 broadcasting companies regarding the treatment of actors like it did in the past.   
It is expected that the actors will receive their overdue pay through the labor-management agreement and their working condition will improve. 
Monarch Abdulaziz ibn, the father of Saudi Arabia, took over Sacred Mecca and unified all the central area of the Arabian Peninsula and founded the modern Saudi Arabia with conservative Sunni Wahhabism, more strict with Islamic law, as its ruling principle. 
After the death of King Abdullah, Crown Prince Salman, who was among the Sudairi Seven, immediately ascended the throne and is the incumbent  King of Saudi Arabia. 
The crown prince continued announcing reforming and liberalizing policy such as admittance of women's driving and entering theaters and soccer stadiums,  the project of 'Neom,' a future advanced city near the Red Sea.
Saudi has been thoroughly responding with social restriction and strengthened Islamic fundamentalism and become the most reactionary country. 
Intervention in Yemen civil war, the resignation of Lebanon's prime minister, the blockade of Qatar and severance of ties with Iran all are in the same international diplomatic context.
There is also strong criticism on the crown prince's self-righteousness and tyrannical conduct such as the war on Yemen, severance of ties with Qatar, excessive purges of domestic dissidents, attack on the free press, and unreasonable economic development plans. 
Hyun-Jin Ryu started in the Division Series game against the Atlanta Braves and pitched seven dominant innings but is falling short of expectation at the Championship Series. 
In the Game 2 on the 14th against Milwaukee, in which he started, he was replaced in the 4 1/3 inning after allowing 6 hits including 1 home run.
Ａｔ　Ｒｏｕｎｄ　３　ｏｆ　ｔｈｅ　ＣＪ　Ｃｕｐ　ａｔ Nine Bridges　（ｐａｒ　７２）, Seogwipo, Jeju，　ｈｅｌｄ　ｏｎ　ｔｈｅ　２０ｔｈ　　Ｋｏｅｐｋａ　ｈｉｔ　５　ｆｅｗｅｒｓ　ｓｈｏｔｓ　ｔｈａｎ　ｔｈｅ　ｄａｙ　ｂｅｆｏｒｅ　ａｎｄ　ｒａｎｋｅｄ　ｎｕｍｂｅｒ　１　ｗｉｔｈ　ａ　ｔｏｔａｌ　ｏｆ　１３－ｕｎｅｒ　２０１．　
Koepka reduced a fewer number of shots than the  day before when he reduced it by 7 shots but finished the game with ease without a bogey.
Suwon Samsung caught up with Pohang Steelers by 2 to 0 and ranked number 4 (40 points) beating Pohang by 2 points.  
Besides the top-section split game, Suwon has a long way to go: a semi-final return game against Kashima Antlers at the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Champions League and a semi-final game against Ulsan at the KEB Hana Bank FA Cup.    
ＫＴ Ｒolster　（Ｋｏrｅａ）　ａｎｄ　Royal Never Give Up　（Ｃｈｉｎａ），　ｗｈｉｃｈ　ｗｅｒｅ　ｎａｍｅｄ　ａｓ　ｎｕｍｂｅｒ　１　ａｎｄ　２　ｆａｖｏｒｉｔｅｓ　ｆｏｒ　ｔｈｅ　League of Legends　Ｗｏｒｌｄ　Ｃｕｐ　Ｃｈａｍｐｉｏｎｓｈｉｐ　ｔｈｉｓ　ｙｅａｒ，　ｄｒｏｐｐｅｄ　ｏｕｔ　ｏｆ　ｔｈｅ　ｔｏｕｒｎａｍｅｎｔ．　
Ｉｎ　ｔｈｅ　ｍｏｒｎｉｎｇ，　ｓｏｍｅ　ｌｏｃａｔｉｏｎｓ　ｃａｎ　ｈａｖｅ　ｄｅｎｓｅ　ｆｏｇ，　ｓｏ　ｐｌｅａｓｅ　ｂｅ　ｅｘｔｒａ　ｃａｒｅｆｕｌ　ｄｒｉｖｉｎｇ　ｗｈｅｎ　ｇｏｉｎｇ　ｏｕｔ　ｆｏｒ　ａ　ｐｉｃｎｉｃ．　　
Due to radiational cooling, the morning temperature will be 1-3 degree lower than in an average year, but in the daytime, with the strong sunlight. it will have the similar range to an average year or a little bit higher. 
On the 20th (Korean time), Chelsea tied with Manchester United 2-2 at a 2018-2019 England Premier League (EPL) home game held at Stamford Bridge, in London, England. 
During the first half, with Antonio Rüdiger's opening goal, it was leading by 1-0, but in the second half, with Anthony Marshall's multiple successive goals, the game was turned around. 
Ｏｎ　ｔｈｅ　２１ｓｔ，　ｗｅｌｌ　ｉｎｔｏ　ｔｈｅ　ｆａｌｌ　ｗｅａｔｈｅｒ　ｗｉｔｈ　ｃｏｌｏｒｆｕｌ　ａｕｔｕｍｎ　ｌｅａｖｅｓ，　ａ　ｃｏｕｐｌｅ　ｉｓ　ｓｉｔｔｉｎｇ　ｉｎ　ａ　ｐａｒｋ　ｉｎ　ｆｒｏｎｔ　ｏｆ　ｔｈｅ　ｆｏｒｍｅｒ　Ｋｉｍ　Ｙｕｊｅｏｎｇ　Ｐａｒｋ，　ｉｎ　Ｓｉｎｄｏｎｇ－ｍｙｅｏｎ，　Ｃｈｕｎｃｈｅｏｎ，　Ｇａｎｇｗｏｎ．　
Ｔｈｅ　ｔｒａｉｎ　ｃａｒｒｙｉｎｇ　ｓｏｍｅ　３００　ｐａｓｓｅｎｇｅｒｓ　ｆｒｏｍ　Ｔａｉｐｅｉ，　ｔｈｅ　ｃａｐｉｔａｌ　ｉｎ　ｔｈｅ　ｎｏｒｔｈ，　ｔｏ　Ｔａｉｔｕｎｇ　ｄｅｒａｉｌｅｄ　ａｔ　４：５０　Ｐ．Ｍ．　ｉｎ　ａ　ｓｍａｌｌ　ｒｕｒａｌ　ｔｏｗｎｓｈｉｐ　Ｄｏｎｇｓｈａｎ．
Ａｆｔｅｒ　ｑｕｅｎｃｈｉｎｇ　ｔｈｅ　ｕｐｒｉｓｉｎｇ，　Ｐａｓｔｏｒ　Ｓｏｎ　ａｄｏｐｔｅｄ　ｔｈｅ　ｌｅｆｔ－ｗｉｎｇ　ｌｅａｄｅｒ　Ａｎ　Ｊａｅｓｕｎ，　ｗｈｏ　ｌｅｄ　ｔｏ　ｔｈｅ　ｄｅａｔｈ　ｏｆ　ｈｉｓ　ｔｗｏ　ｓｏｎｓ．　
Ａｃｃｏｒｄｉｎｇ　ｔｏ　Central News Agency　ａｎｄ　ｌｏｃａｌ　ｍｅｄｉａ，　ａ　ｔｒａｉｎ　went off the tracks between Dongshan and Suxin　in north-eastern Taiwan，ａｎｄ　５　ｏｕｔ　ｏｆ　８　ｃａｒｒｉａｇｅｓ　ｆｌｉｐｐｅｄ　ｏｎ　ｔｈｅｉｒ　ｓｉｄｅｓ　　
Ｔｈｅ　ｄｅａｔｈ　ｔｏｌｌ　ｗａｓ　ｔｈｅ　ｈｉｇｈｅｓｔ　ｓｉｎｃｅ　ｔｈｅ　１９８１　Ｍａｒｃｈ　ｔｒａｉｎ　ｗｒｅｃｋ　ｉｎ　ｗｈｉｃｈ　３０　ｐｅｏｐｌｅ　ｄｉｅｄ　ａｎｄ　１３０　ｗｅｒｅ　ｉｎｊｕｒｅｄ．　
Snapdragon 845 has similar features like those of Samsung Galaxy Note 9 such as 6.2 in display, 6 GB memory, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and dual camera, but its price is lower than the half of that of the other phone.   
Ｄｅｓｐｉｔｅ　ｔｈｅ　ｎａｔｉｏｎａｌ　ｐａｓｓｉｏｎ　ｆｏｒ　ｔｈｅ　Ｗｏｒｌｄ　Ｃｕｐ　ａｎｄ　Ａｓｉａｎ　Ｇａｍｅｓ，　ｔｈｅ　ｎｕｍｂｅｒ　ｏｆ　ｅｍｐｔｙ　ｓｅａｔｓ　ａｔ　Ｇａｎｇｗｏｎ　ｈｏｍｅ　ｓｔａｄｉｕｍ　ｉｓ　ｇｒｏｗｉｎｇ　ｂｉｇｇｅｒ．　
Ｏｎ　ｔｈｅ　ｌａｓｔ　１５ｔｈ，　ｔhe ａssociation's sports fair play committee　ｏｒｄｅｒｅｄ　ａ　ｆｉｎｅ　ｏｆ　５０　ｍｉｌｌｉｏｎ　ｗｏｎ　ａｎｄ　ｓｕｓｐｅｎｓｉｏｎ　ｏｆ　ｈｉｓ　ｓｏｃｃｅｒ－ｒｅｌａｔｅｄ　ｄｕｔｉｅｓ　ｆｏｒ　ｔｗｏ　ｙｅａｒｓ　ｒｅｇａｒｄｉｎｇ　Ｃｏａｃｈ　Ｃｈｏ＇ｓ　ｍｉｓｃｏｎｄｕｃｔ．
Ｉｎ　ａｄｄｉｔｉｏｎ，　ｔｈｅｒｅ　ａｒｅ　ｆｏｏｄ　ｔｒｕｃｋｓ　ｏｐｅｎ，　ｓｅｌｌｉｎｇ　ｖａｒｉｏｕｓ　ｋｉｎｄｓ　ｏｆ　ｆｏｏｄ，　ｗｈｅｒｅ　ｐｅｏｐｌｅ　ｃａｎ　ｆｉｌｌ　ｕｐ　ｔｈｅｉｒ　ｓｔｏｍａｃｈ　ｄｕｒｉｎｇ　ｔｈｅ　ｖａｒｉｏｕｓ　ｅｖｅｎｔｓ．
This year，　ｔｈｅ　ａｖｅｒａｇｅ　ｎｕｍｂｅｒ　ｏｆＫ－ｌｅａｇｕｅ　ａｕｄｉｅｎｃｅ　ｈａｓ　ｉｎｃｒｅａｓｅｄ　ｆｏｒ　ｔｈｅ　ｍｏｍｅｎｔ　ｉｎ　ｔｈｅ　ｗａｋｅ　ｏｆ　ｔｈｅ　Ｗｏｒｌｄ　Ｃｕｐ　ａｎｄ　Ａｓｉａｎ　Ｇａｍｅｓ，　ｂｕｔ　ｉｔ　ｒｅｐｅａｔｓ　ｅｖｅｒｙ　ｙｅａｒ　ａｓ　ｔｉｍｅ　ｇｏｅｓ　ｂｙ，　ｍｏｒｅ　ｅｍｐｔｙ　ｓｅａｔｓ　ａｐｐｅａｒ．　
If its deficit structure doesn't get improved as it is, the future of Gangwon, in its 10th year since entering the K-League, cannot be certain.  
It is a pattern that depletes fishery resources in a chain of repetitive incidents as fish caught by discarded fishing gear (fish traps, fishing nets, fishing hooks, ropes and so on) with their original function work as a bate and lure other fish and predatory fish get caught and die. 
Having been on the opposite sides whether to make public working conditions at a Hyundai Motor Company joint-investment factory for about a month, Gwangju-si and Labor are working on the last compromise.
Previously, on the last 16th, in response to Labor's harbored suspicion regarding Gwangju-style jobs, the city made public the contents of the negotiation with Hyundai Motor Company including '44 hours a week, starting salary of 35 million won, 5 work days a week , 2 overtimes per month  and joint welfare program.
Assemblymen from the ruling and opposition parties questioned Lee Chunhee, the mayor of Sejong-si about his stance on building a new KTX Sejong Station and solutions to resolve the conflict with nearby local governments. 
Public institutes' mandatory hiring of local talents and issues regarding the city-affiliated public institutes were focused on during the discussion in the state affairs audit of Daejeon-si conducted in the afternoon following that of Sejong-si.  
As nationwide public outrage against Kim Seongsu's heinous crime rose, concerns were raised that he might get a reduced sentence for his history of taking medication for depression. 
Yomiuri reported on the 21st that it was unusual that a joint agreement at the EU-Republic of Korea Summit held on the 19th (local time) in Brussels, Belgium, didn’t' get signed and it had to do with their different opinions on the North Korea issue. 
At this tournament, some 230 players from 8 teams from 6 countries, South and North Koreas, Russia, Uzbekistan, and Vietnam, will take part and play in qualifying matches. 
Continuing the last year’s legacy, the PGA TOUR Player of the Year won again the CJ Cup @ Nine Bridges (the CJ Cup). 
On the 21st, Koepka became the champion at the CJ Cup @ Nine Bridges, Seogwipo, Jeju, with a 7-under in the final round for an overall score of 21-under 267. 
Woodland, who had lost the drive to claw his way, bogeyed the 17th Koepka capped off with an eagle at the 18th 4 shots ahead of Woodland. 
It set a remarkable record that the PGA TOUR Player of the Year won again the CJ Cup, in its second year this year, as did Justin Thomas (25, U.S.), who was the last years’ PGA TOUR Player of the Year. 
As it is breaking from Islamic fundamentalist Wahhabism and transitioning to a moderate Islamic country, it is to find a new source for growth while diversifying its heavily oil-dependent economy by attracting foreign investment. 
As the royal tradition has broken, he has excuses to reform the old Saudi custom, but in order to solidify his power, it was inevitable ruthlessly cracking down his rivals to the throne. 
It is because Ryu Hyunjin, whose home and away difference wasn't very small this season league, is not winning confidence from his coaching staff due to his evident underperformance at away games" this postseason.
This season, Ryu Hyunjin earned a fabulous score, a 15–2 win-loss record, a 1.15 ERA, at home, but in the away games, only a 2-1 win-loss record, a 3.58 ERA.
Terrorist attacks on polling stations in many areas in Afghanistan by Taliban Islamic terrorists, boycotting the general election, left at least 76 dead and hundreds injured.  
Center fascia (the control panels between the driver's seat and the passenger's seat) had an ample 12.3-in display installed, but that it works with a remote-touch interface, which works similar to a computer mouse, not with a touch-screen interface, was a drawback. 
The center announced on the 22nd that it showed movies on the 11th and 18th to 280 participants of 'Nono Care,' which provides talking partners and housework service to the elderly who live alone, and 100 'Silver School Lunch Helpers,' who assist in handing out meals at the school cafeteria and clean the school.
The new iPhone comes out with three storage options of 64GB, 256GB, and 512GB and includes 'Face ID' (facial recognition) just like iPhone X. 
Previously last August, the National Commission for Corporate Partnership agreed to suspend the expiration scheduled by 2017 until legalization of 47 industries suitable for medium-term into 'industries suitable for living.'
Big companies are not allowed to enter the industries and products designated for 5 years, and if already in, they cannot expand their business. 
If the make-up of small businesses is set too low, the system for 'industries suitable for living' intended to protect small businesses could degenerate into a system to protect small and medium-sized enterprises.
Post fossil energy policy is picking up steam in Europe, China and India with measures to gradually reduce internal combustion engine cars (gasoline and diesel) and plans to stop using fossil energy. 
As the decrease in the demand of oil refining products has become visible worldwide, the industry views ethylene as the future staple in response to it. 
After last February, when GS Caltex constructed an olefin mixed feed cracker(MFC) which can produce 700 thousand tons of ethylene, Hyundai Oil Bank and S-Oil announced to enter the petrochemistry business one after another. 
S-Oil is also considering the construction of an NCC (Naphtha Cracking Center) in the Ulsan site that can produce 1.5 million tons of PO and PP products a year. 
Last May, Hyundai Oil Bank announced the plan to achieve a production system with Lotte Chemical and joint venture Hyundai Chemical by 2021 where 750 thousand tons of ethylene can be produced.
According to the report of Strategy Analytics, a marketing consulting company, the Apple HomePod captured 70 % of the over-200 dollar, high-end AI speaker market. 
Yosvany, who joined OK Savings Bank last May ranked at the fourth on the foreign player draft list, showed his real worth as he scored 27 points at the opening game against Korea Electric Power Corporation on the last 15th.  
It was also revealed that the hacker tried to hack into Mayor Lee's email at a different portal site using the email he had already hacked. 
Through this, Mayor Lee confirmed he was hacked on last August 31 and the hacker changed the password. 
To obtain a temporary password, the hacker attached and sent to the relevant portal site a driver's license that read 'Professor Lee Jaemyeong at National University of Singapore' with the name of Mayor Lee and his birthdate. 
Korean Monster,' Ryu Hyunjin (LA Dodgers), set to become the third Korean player to play in the Word Series, is receiving attention for with what pitch he will leave his image. 
Fans are expecting that Ryu Hyunjin will shake off his past slump and show his very best at home. 
Survival King' Incheon, which were often at risk of being relegated but narrowly managed to remain after the promotion and relegation system was adopted, aims to remain again this season. 
The expected rainfall is not a lot, below 5mm; however, keep in mind that Jungbu and its surrounding area might experience thunderstorms and lightning between the morning and afternoon.  
Wednesday tomorrow, the whole country will experience sunny skies, and day after tomorrow, due to high atmospheric pressure, it will be mostly sunny in the whole country, but then in the evening it will get cloudy.
It is analyzed that it proved effective in reducing public debt through the increase in track access charge from the opening of Suseo Super Rapid Train (SRT), the decrease in financial cost through optimizing the bond issuing time, and projects to utilize the idle lot along the train tracks. 
To strengthen the public sector's financial responsibility, Korea Rail Network Authority has begun 'division accounting' since 2014 in which financial statements of financial position and business performance are compiled for each business unit.
The association's complaint originated from the national anthem of North Korea being played during the time for the national anthem of South Korea at the match between South Korea and Jordan at the 2018 AFC U-19 Championship in Bekasi, Indonesia, the day before. 
The association filed an informal complaint immediately on the spot following the rule that requires complaints should be submitted to the match commissioner less than two hours after completing the match.
According to the association, this is the first time when the North Korean national anthem was played instead of the South Korean national anthem during an official international game. 
Yongin-si announced on the 23rd that it has built the smart day care fine dust announcement system that makes a real-time measurement of fine dust and sends an announcement to 30 day cares within its jurisdiction every 10 minutes. 
According to the city, the system works as the sensors installed at 7 main points including Dongbak-dong Community Service Center and Jukjeon Library measure data such as fine dust, fine particulate matter, temperature and humidity and send them to the monitors at the day cares with ozone data measured by the government.     
To accomplish this, the city installed Digital Information Display (DID) at the 30 day cares in its jurisdiction so that they can receive the collected data. 
This World Series has already made headline long before because it's the two teams' match after 102 years and Ryu Hyunjin's second starting second. 
It is interesting that there are many oddly similar things between 1988, when the Dodgers last won the championship, and the current situation around the World Series. 
In the American League, the year's most powerful team, the Oakland Athletics, which had a 4-0 sweeping victory against the Boston Red Sox at ALCS, is standing firm.  
The baseball circle unanimously say in big games like the World Series or the Korean Series there must emerge at least one player who will play crazy well. 
Dodgers need some players like Yasiel Puig, who brought a victory with his 3-point home run in this year's NLCS Game 7.
Experts observe it is hard to say a team with superior physical strength is simply at an advantage because at big games like the World Series mental strength, concentration in the game, and yearning often tend to affect the outcome. 
The possibility cannot be excluded that it might take a course like the typhoon in the past that had developed in the waters near Guam and were moving west, and all of sudden turned its way east and landed on the Korean Peninsula and Japanese Islands.
Jeju-do announced on the 23rd that according to its analysis of the local businesses' participation in investment and employment at the 25 completed tourism development and investment promotion zones, both investment and employment exceeded 100% and also the participation rate of the local businesses was 65%.  
Local economy connection system requires each business to hire people living in the province for more than 80% of its workers and local businesses to participate in construction for more than 50%.  
Won sehun, the former Director of the National Intelligence Service, who was on trial for the alleged far-right security education, attends a hearing held at Seoul Central District Court on the 23rd afternoon at Seocho-gu, Seoul 
The center will enhance the professional medical service provision that will be appropriate for different types of disability such as health promotion project connection, revision, and support; building and operating a medical welfare network; early treatments and checkups at an appropriate time for people with disability; rehabilitation; and support in pregnancy and childbirth.  
With this Supernode agreement, Exalab will be given the privilege of recommending to list various cryptocurrencies to BTCC exchange first, and it will be possible to construct a new node under the Supernode. 
Jokić played top notch with 23 goals and 11 rebounds in the 2018-2019 regular season game against Golden State Warriors held at Denver Pepsi Center, in Colorado, the U.S. on the 22nd (Korean time). 
Experts observe that if Jokić continues his excellent performance, he might enter the All Star Game for the first time in the history of NBA and it may bring an upheaval to the Western Conference, which has been polarized by Golden State and Houston Rockets. 
Chris Sale, who started the All Star Game for the past three consecutive years, is on Postseason Game 3 and recording 1 win and a 3.48 ERA.
It was just a game changer to enter the World Series and for only a few innings, but there are worries that it could affect the performance of the pitcher who will play only after 4 days. 
It is the matter of interest whether Price will continue the momentum as he came out of trauma with the starter's win at the Championship Series Game 5, first in the postseason.  
It is 'the conveyor system easel,' in which a new canvas appears as the painted canvas gets pushed back when you turn the hand attached next to it.    
There are not few people who use their leisure time engaging in meaningful activities that create social value through talent donation and volunteering. 
Through this, working experts at their current posts can share practical working knowledge and know-how, and the students can enhance their working performance and competitiveness in the job market.
Gerrad is a legendary players who has been only with Liverpool for the entire time since the joining of Liverpool Academy in 1987 until 2015, when he left for the U.S. market.   
Not being able to speak English, he hires a translator for conversation with other players, not to mention that with Coach Jürgen Klopp. 
Keïta was recently included in Guinea's national team but got a hamstring injury during the semi-final against Rwanda in Group H of the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament on the 16th.
Jeju-do announced on the 24th that the land trade in the last September was 2,706,000㎡, reduced by 60.83%, compared to the same period last year (6,908,000㎡), and building permit area was 143,148㎡ , also reduced by 35.2% compared to the last year (220,837㎡) 
Previously, the sports fair play committee had ordered Moon Wuram prohibition of participation in July 2016 for violating National Sports Promotion Act with his 2015 match fixing.  
On the 24th afternoon with fine autumn weather, Ulsan people visited silver grass habitat near the Taehwa River estuary in Myeongchon-dong, Buk-gu, Ulsan, and enjoyed the full autumn atmosphere as they rode a bicycle along the trail with roiling silver grass . 
Experts are showing concerns that especially the Korean Stock Market is being used as a cash dispenser for foreign investors compared to other emerging countries' stock markets. 
He was highly acclaimed for keeping a mid-range record with many injured players, but things have changed. 
In September 2014, Stielike was named manager of the South Korea national football team, but after repeating terrible losses, he was dismissed during the 2018 Russia World Cup regional qualifying games before the end of his contract. 
Right after Korea lost at the second game against Mexico at the Group Stage in the last World Cup, he provoked that it will get completely defeated by Germany. 
Actors like Yoon Ju-man, Lee Eun-hyung, Ji Chan, Gang Deok-jung, Song Hosu, Yoon Joo-young, Im Hye-jin and Yoo Se-ryeo will participate as one-day baristas and cater hand dripped coffee to the event attendees. 
All the proceeds from 'Haneulbit Project,' consisting of one-day café, concert and charity bazaar, will be donated to provide scholarship to economically disadvantaged children and youth.
It is due to the conflict with Suwon Im Sanghyeop at the first game during the semi-finals held at Kashima Soccer Stadium, in Kashima, in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan, on the last 3rd. 
The team must win at least once among the two away games at Fenway Park to celebrate a victory at the three successive games held at Dodger Stadium, in Los Angeles, California, on the coming 27th-29th.
Syncrown specializes in producing and selling thermal printers and barcode scanners and brings out novel types of products based on its tested technology and collected knowhow for many years. 
Book Checker B2,' that Syncrown launched at the KLA General Conference, is an improved model of its previous hybrid stocktaking machine SMS-1339B. 
When KOSPI  broke the 2500 threshold last October for the first time in its history, there was pouring self-praise that Korea has completely escaped from the nightmare of the "BOXPI."
In fact, the U.S. Dow Index has risen by 5% in the past year even after taking into account its recent fall, but on the other hand, KOSPI Index has dropped by 15.8% in the same period. 
Even in the hunting ground, hunting is restricted in places where lots of people gather, within 100m of a road defined as in Article 2 (1) of the Road Law, and where there is a possible risk of injuring livestock or people.
Those who wish to hunt must apply by the coming 28th and submit required documents after making a deposit to a designated account depending on hunting permits notified on the province homepage.  
At the opening ceremony of the 16th Jeonju International Fermented Food Expo, held on a special stage at Jeonju World Cup Stadium, in Jeonju-si, Jeollabuk-do, on the 25th, Song Hajin, the Governor of Jeollabuk-do; Song Seonghwan, the Chairman of the Jeollabuk-do Assembly; and other officials are tasting wine.   
Among the facilities at the experience ground, people can freely visit Exhibition Hall, Theater and Forest Fragrance Room all year round, and they have to pay the experience fee of 500-2,000 won for Lumber Experience Room and 5,000 won for Wood Imagine Playground. 
The city plans to work with all levels of school, Kindergarten Association, Nursery Association, and woodwork-related organizations now on and run various programs connecting the free semester system and the experience ground.
After the former Chancellor Schröder visits the May 18 Cemetery in Gwangju, he will visit the monument that enshrines the ashes of the late German journalist Jürgen Hinzpeter, who shared the horrors about the May 18 Gwangju Democratization Movement at that time to the whole world. 
In his last visit to Korea in last September, the former Chancellor Schröder watched the Korean film “A Taxi Driver” with the former Prime Minister Kim Hwangsik and Seungpil, the son of late Kim Sabok, the real person whom the movie was based on. 
The former Chancellor Schröder and the First Lady met with University President Jeong, who went to Germany to sign an exchange alliance with TU9, the alliance of leading Institutes of Technology in Germany, at the 10th Joint Korean-German Conference and exchanged their opinions on the international state of affairs.
Ulsan-si announced it had "the Voluntary Agreement Ceremony to Reduce Fine Dust," on the 24th at the city hall, attended by Nakdong River Basin Environmental Office, 30 businesses in Ulsan National Industrial Complex, and others. 
The businesses that participated in the agreement are the top 30 big businesses, such as SK Energy, S-Oil and Ulsan Power Station of Korea East-West Power Co.,Ltd., among the 180 first to third class level businesses in Ulsan National Industrial Complex that emit more than 10 tons of air pollutants such as sulfur oxides (SOX) and nitrogen oxides (NOX) annually. 
In this agreement, they decided to try to reduce the emission of air pollutants like sulfur oxides, nitrogen oxides and volatile organic compounds (VOCS) by 40% by the year of 2022, compared to in 2014 (34,859 tons/year). 
It has decreased by 76.1% than during the same period last year (586 billion won), but it put an end to an operation loss streak in the first and second quarters and made its return to profit. 
Lee Jeonghu joined the Nexen last year and was named the Rookie of the Year, and he has firmly become a KBO star with a batting average of .355 (163 hits, 459 at bats), 81 points this season. 
Since Player Lee started figure skating at the Dream Program held in Gangwon-do in 2009, he has developed a desire to become a professional player and  competed in the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics for the first time.
The most famous examples of one coach successfully leading a team with his own philosophy are Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson (1986-2013 seasons) and Arsenal manager Arsène Wenger (1996-2018 seasons). 
In the past 5 years, 4 leaders, including an acting coach, led the team, but it won not even once in the league. 
Much expectation was given to David Moyes, who managed Everton reliably for 11 years when he succeeded Ferguson, but he was sacked within a year due to poor performance. 
Coach Emery recruited the choice players like Lucas Torreira and successfully realized the beautiful soccer centered around short passes. 
The Central League's crushing Hiroshima Toyo Carp won with ease against the Yomiuri Giants, which had made to the Climax Series after beating the Yakult Swallows, the second in the league, only after Game 3 with the series score of 4-0 and entered the JS.  
The second in the Pacific League, the SoftBank Hawks won at Game 5 of the Pacific League Climax Series against the Seibu Lions, the first in the PL, pulling off an upset with 4 wins and 2 losses, and secured its place in the JS.
SoftBank, which once recruited Lee Daeho with an excellent offer package, has emerged as a renowned strong NPB team after it organized the best squad with complete support from Son Jeongui, the CEO of SoftBank, the team's parent company. 
After having gone under a dark age, Hiroshima, once well-known as the team of Hiroki Kuroda, who played as an excellent starting pitcher at MLB, is enjoying its prime time by effectively raising players such as through opening baseball academies overseas. 
Hiroshima, which handed the almost-won victory to Shohei Ohtani of Nippon-Ham Fighters last year 2016, is aspiring to reach the top this season after 34 years. 
Hiroshima's aggressive marketing has paid off, and it is a popular team that fills up Mazda Zoom Zoom Stadium with many women fans called 'Carp Onna (Carp Girl).'
SoftBank, has a strong lineup including not only Center Fielder Yuki Yanagita, who can be safely called Japan's Mike Trout, but also Third Baseman Nobuhiro Matsuda, with a great hitting power; Right Fielder Seiji Uebayashi and Despaigne, a foreign slugger. 
Dennis Sarfate, 'the final boss of NPB,' who reigned dominantly with a record number of saves in the NPB history last year, has not been out for most of this season's games. 
Hiroshima's weapon is its powerful lineup represented by the outfielder duo Yoshihiro Maru and Seiya Suzuki, who hit .300 with more than 30 home runs.
Xavier Batista, who, with herculean strength, came from the Carpo baseball academy overseas, and Catcher Tsubasa Aizawa cannot be overlooked. 
It is 2,006,400 won (for 209 working hours a month), when converted to a monthly pay, and it is 261,250 won more per month than the next year's minimum wage and 117,876 won more than this year's living wages. 
This year's living wages were decided after the increase rate of the minimum wage in 2019, the differences in living wages among boroughs and the financial standing of the city were taken into account .
Japan's Nikkei 225 Stock Average and SSE Composite Index are remaining moderately higher in the morning thanks to the rise of the U.S. stock market the day before. 
It is pointed out that foreign investors do not feel much special 'merits' to the Korean stock market which is sandwiched between developed countries and emerging countries' stock markets.
Jeollanam-do Ocean & Fisheries Technology Institute announced on the 26th that until the last 25th it attended a two-day workshop, visited the field and held a fisheries exchange meeting with China's Yellow Sea Fisheries Research Institute to promote the development of aquiculture business. 
At this fisheries exchange meeting, 4 guests including Deputy Director Chen Xi Ching and 40 people including from domestic research institutes participated in exchanging mutual information.  
According to the U.K. Metro's report on the 25th (local time), the Central Criminal Court in Dublin decided it was not appropriate to jail John Joe Kiernan (86), of Cavan, Ireland, for his child sexual abuse and rape over six decades ago.
As Amazon and Google's earnings were reported to be lower than expected after the yesterday's market closing, it could have affected the Korean market according to some analysis. 
In the Adult Occupant Protection section, Hyundai Nexo received a high rating on crash tests that simulate frontal impact, side-on collisions. 
According to the nationwide weekly apartment price trend reported on the 25th by the Korea Appraisal Center, the Gangnam District 3 (Gangnam, Seocho, Songpa) Apartment Price Change Rate has went below zero this week for the first time in 5 weeks since the announcement of the policy. 
Gangnam-gu and Songpa-gu, which rose 0.01 % and 0.03% respectively last week, both fell 0.02%, and Songpa-gu, which rose 0.01%, suffered the deepest decline of 0.04%.
Market experts anticipate that with the bearish trend in the Gangnam area as a signal housing prices will remain moderately lower. 
It was an unprecedented that the Hana Financial Investment analyst who published a report that reportedly set off a plunge in the shares of major entertainment agencies wrote an official note apologizing in a day. 
Analyst Lee lowered JYP Entertainment's the third quarter earnings to 8.6 billion won in the report published before the market opening. 
The purpose of the report the day before was to maintain a conservative view to predict earnings, not to give a negative forecast in the entertainment agency market. 
Dodgers are having Game 3 at home on the edge of a precipice after the second consecutive defeat following the first one (4-8) in Game 1.   
In addition, the Korean economy is having a hard time to come out of the vicious cycle of weak business investment, weak employment and weak domestic demand. 
There is an analysis saying that for the trend rally to continue, improvement in international conditions is necessary such as the Federal Reserve sending a signal to delay austerity or the China–United States trade war to dwindle.
It is suggested that it may not be late to see market volatility reduce and sell as the indexes continue to plummet. 
Park, who has been in arts and music therapies since the age of 6, received vocational training in confectionery and bakery and ceramic art and was awarded the Grand Prize in device assembly at the National Skills Competition for the Disabled.
#Shandong Langwol International Transportation# and #Weihai Unmang Electronic Commerce# will move into the E-commerce Specialized Complex, which is planned to be built in Logistic Complex 2 in BIX (Business&Industry Complex, formerly known as Poseung District) by Yellow Sea Free Economic Zone Authority. 
Yellow Sea Free Economic Zone Authority previously visited Yantai, in the Shandong province, on the 25th (local time) and signed an economic cooperation agreement with Jeong Jangseon, the mayor of Pyeongtak and Zhang Dailing, the deputy mayor of Yantai. 
The delegation of Yellow Sea Free Economic Zone Authority held an investment briefing on the 26th attended by Korea-China E-Commerce Association; Weihai City's Department of Commerce, China; and 20 some E-commerce logistics companies in Weihai City. 
The private helicopter of Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha (61), owner of English Premier League (EPL) Leicester City, crashed in the parking lot near the stadium around 8:30 P.M. (local time) on the 27th.  
Srivaddhanaprabha, the Owner, was the founder of Thailand's largest travel retailer King Power International Group and known as the 5th richest in Thailand. 
Lee Youngho won 3 sets against Kim Jeongwoo (Zerg) at the AfreecaTV StarCraft League (ASL) Season 6 final, held at the auditorium in Yonsei University, in Sinchon, Seoul, on the 28th.  
In and around Incheon, operating the cruise ship on the Han River is being promoted to revitalize Gyeongin Arabaetgil Waterway, which was advocated during the Lee Myeongbak government, but it is facing rough seas against the opposition from environmental groups and Seoul City. 
Sony's Xperia XZ3 (photo, XZ3), introduced to the domestic market, is a notable product in that it broadens the range of choices in the premium smartphone market only with Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics 
If you lightly tap both corners of the smartphone twice, it shows the user's frequently used apps in a small menu.  
It began making and distributing clear umbrellas to prevent the danger as children often get into an accident on a rainy day with an umbrella that obstructs their field of vision.
Also, running hand-made programs such as hand embroidery, the city is expecting to cultivate specialty fabric brands, which is the regional special industry and to create jobs. 
On the pamphlet made for cargo workers who come in and out of Incheon Airport reads a line saying "25,000 won for one haul, can you live with this money?" 
Due to its industrial structure heavily dependent on export, our country can be fatally wounded by the worsening of the international trade conditions such as the China–United States trade war, the U.S. interest rate hike and emerging countries' weak currency.  
Due to the reduced export, Ssangyong Motor's total sales volume has decreased, and it could not escape operating loss due to poor exchange rate and increased sales cost. 
Though it is taking steps to recovery, the deficit will continue for a while due to the industry's characteristic of requiring some time for the order result to get reflected in the performance.
Woori Bank, seeking approval for a holding company structure, accomplished to have net income accumulated in the third quarter closer to the net income for the whole year last year. 
Hana Financial Group saw cumulative net profit of 1 trillion and 892.1 billion won for the first three quarters this year, recording the highest net profit since the establishment of the holding company in December 2005. 
Thai Billionaire Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha (61), owner of English Premier League (EPL) Leicester City, was reported to be have died in a helicopter crash on the 27th (local time). 
Srivaddhanaprabha was a Thai billionaire and the founder and CEO of Thailand's travel retailer King Power International Gro+I364up, making an annual profit of 68 billion baht (approximately 2.3 trillion won).
Srivaddhanaprabha gifted 19 BMW i8s, worth 2.9 billion won in Korean won, to players and cars worth about 43 million won to team staff as well.  
Service resumed at 7:30 A.M., about an hour and 20 minutes after the breakdown, but it seems to need more time to completely return to normal operation because intervals got wider. 
With the China–United States trade war and the U.S.'s reinforcement of austerity policies on top of this, the dynamic for growth cannot be found. 
Without two main players Son Heungmin and Jang Hyunsu, what decision Coach Bento will make and who will replace them are the new fun.
Cheongju SB Plaza, consisting of 5 floors above ground and 2 below, with a gross area of 10,839㎡, includes start-up incubation center, biz-connect center, bio start-up workplace, business research zone and more.                                                                                                                    
Young Poong Seokpo Smelter, whose administrative appeal to Central Administrative Advisory Committee to withdraw the suspension of work and replace it with a fine had been rejected, filed an administrative litigation.  
It is shown that there have been 1637 car accidents on these routes in the past 3 years resulting in 18 dead and 2165 injured. 
In the Syrian Civil War, as the victory of the Bashar al-Assad regime, supported by Russia, was solidified, peace talk led by the U.N. has fizzled out since last year. 
Haddad narrowed the gap more than a week ago, but with Bolsonaro 8~10 percent points ahead, there seems to be not much chance for turnaround. 
Jeju-do is pushing ahead to establish its status as 'the World's number 1, Jeju premium flatfish' and designate a 'clean flatfish industrial zone' for the second leap in the farmed flatfish industry.  
On the 28th, Jeju-do announced that to foster the innovation growth industry linked to eco-friendly farming production policy it named Reseach Institute for R+I352egional Government & Economy of Korea (foundation) as a service execution organization of 'the clean flatfish industrial zone' and held a launching session.  
At the launching session, various discussions were held about the direction in designating a special zone, such as differentiation of Jeju flatfish and development of its superiority, the range of setting the special zone, contents to be included in the special zone plan, and application and review of special regulations. 
Considering the exhausted bullpen after the longest World Series 18-inning Game 3 the day before, Hill's all-out pitching was a lifesaver to Dodgers.   
He faced harsh criticism because as a former army captain, he praised Brazil's past military dictatorship and advocated torture of leftist politicians. 
There is analysis that in such situation, Bolsonaro, arguing for police authority and loosening gun ownership requirements to fight the war again crime and corruption, came as persuasive to Brazilians. 
#Daehan Doctor Made Inc.# announced on the 29th that various vitamin health functional foods under the brand Dream Made will be launched in October researched and developed by adjunct professors at Asan Medical Center and female doctors from obstetrics and gynecology hospitals specializing in delivery. 
#Daehan Doctor Made Inc.# developed vitamins optimized for each pregnancy stage, vitamin D that mothers lack most and probiotics with ob-gyn specialists who understand mothers' condition better than anyone from treating many of them for years. 
#Daehan Doctor Made Inc.,# which has the largest market share in the health functional food manufacturing section, is considered to have increased the product maturity by having developed the product with SuHeung Inc., considered as Korea's best manufacturer of vitamins and health functional food. 
#Daehan Doctor Made Inc.# developed Dream Made products based on thorough analysis of existing health functional foods with a goal to make the top quality products with ob-gyn specialists and SuHeung Inc.
On the 30th morning, which has been the coldest this year, a gimjang vegetable garden in a farming village in Sabuk-myeon, Chuncheon-si, Gangwon Province, is covered white with frost as if heralding the coming winter. 
Incheon Bridge Co., Ltd. is receiving the #'Chorokin Award'# for its contribution to preservation of the Yeongjongdo mudflat such as picking up fishing gear illegally poaching Japanese ghost crabs, picking up marine trash in Yeongjongdo and holing the Day of Yeongjongdo Mudflat Migratory Birds Event.
The joint proposal is expected to be delivered next month to Speaker of the National Assembly; the Democratic Party; the Liberty Korea Party; the Bareunmirae Party; members of National Assembly; #Presidential Secretariat Land, Infrastructure and Transport Secretary;# the Office of the Prime Minister; the Office for Government Policy Coordination; the Ministry of Strategy and Finance; and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport.
In fact, it is not hard to find Lineage M users' raw criticism in the game communities and news comments, saying 'gambling under the disguise of a video game,' 'makes Gangwonland look benign,' and 'there is no regulation when they are doing a gambling business.'  
Looking at the recent trend in the country's video game market, there are pouring games that have loot boxes.
Asia Culture Institute invited Gwangju Dong-gu Council members and officials on the 30th and held 'Asia Culture Center Tour and Conference.'
At today's event, which was held as part of the project to build a public-private network to strengthen Asia Culture Institute's cooperation in the region, Dong-gu Council members listened to the explanation about businesses of Asia Culture Center and Asia Culture Institute and shared their different opinions on local cooperation and how to vitalize the center. 
It is a business complex set up with direct participation of members of Chungnam Taean Farming Association Corporation, raises insects itself and  is working on research to turn them into dietary supplements and functional foods.
All cicada larvae-related foods sold by Chungnam Taean Farming Association Corporation are safe to eat because cicada larvae are raised according to the professional way stated in the Farming Collaboration Agreement and managed under a thorough production history management system after passing the cicada larvae marker test. 
It concluded that exports are strong with the economic growth rate remaining in the higher 2 percent and the current account balance being positive for 78 consecutive months. 
On the 29th, when the temperature plummeted, Parwang-san, in Pyeongchang-gun, Gangwon-do and the surrounding area were covered white with snow. 
Because the subway train that left Oido Station at around 6 A.M. this morning and was bound for Dangogae broke down when it was approaching Ichon Station, Subway line 4 was out of service for more than an hour. 
Ulsan-si announced the 29th that it is reviewing a measure to push forward the Bukgu Kangdong Tourist Complex Development Project, which has been on shelf for a long time, as a public development project with Ulsan Metro City corporation designated as a project operator.
In July last year, #Hyojeong,# Pororo Park and Korea Asset In Trust Co signed the MOU on investment to build the Pororo theme park and resort, but it has stalled because business participation of a private developer in a tourist complex sector is restricted. 
He, who learned leadership last year as a bench coach at Houston Astros and experienced the championship, signed a 3-year contract immediately and held a baton at a prestigious team Boston.  
The evaluation agency categorizes them into 3 classes, register, update of information and not fit for registration, and suggest them to the Intangible Heritage Committee, and usually, unless something comes up, they get approved as they are. 
listing of Ssireum is expected to be finally decided at the 13th session of Intangible Cultural Heritage Committee meeting in Port Louis, Mauritius, from November 26.  
Korea is still an 'export country of trash', so 'trash crisis' can happen again any time if China or Southeast Asia rejects the import. 
It is the reason behind the voice saying to expand our own facilities that recycle resources in an eco-friendly manner and increase self-sustenance on managing waste. 
Data such as hydrogen chloride, nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide, sulfur oxides, and dust in the air emitted here are transmitted to the Ministry of Environment in real time and monitored.
The construction of the facility was completed before the nearby apartment was built, and the construction companies which were the main agents of the lot development paid most of the cost, so it was completed with some money from the city but no national subsidy.
They protest that it is not fair to build another waste disposal facility in Jingwan-dong, where there is already an incineration plant Eunpyeong Environment Plant in the town. 
The effect on the living conditions like from leachate and odor is expected to be minimal as green waste is not authorized at the resource circulation center; however, to eliminate the residents' worries, state-of-the-art equipment will be installed. 
Nearby Guro-gu plans to build a resource circulation center to sort out recyclable waste and transship household waste and green waste and start a pilot operation within this month.  
Particulate matters that are inhaled by pregnant women and travel to the placenta through the blood vessels may have effect not only during the physical development of the fetus but also continuously throughout the child's whole life. 
Its policy is to drastically raise the permissible air pollutant emission level to reduce the domestic fine dust emission by 30% by 2022. 
As going through economic slowdown due to trade conflict with the U.S., the Chinese government is projected to be very likely to loosen the regulations on coal use it has imposed since around Beijing Olympics.
The reduction of oil tax is temporary, but it still runs counter to measures to improve air quality or environmental  tax reforms the government has implemented.  
This winter, people are worried how much they would have to suffer from fine dust and how much social cost would increase by with respiratory patients and deaths in the future.
As smartphone usage increases, the number of crimes deploying malicious codes in smartphones in this quarter only is three times larger than the total number from last year.  
Lee Dong-jin's Live Talk will be broadcast live at 16 movie theaters including CGV Gangbyeon, Gwangju Terminal, Guro, Daegu, Daejeon, Dongsuwon, Mokdong, Seomyeoon, Sopoong, Apgujeong (main building, screen 2), Youngdeungpo, Ori, Incheon, Ilsan, Cheonan Pentaport and Chuncheon.
An award ceremony for 3 recipients of the Gyeongam Awards will be held in front of Song Geum-jo, Director of the foundation; Kim Do-yeon, Gyeongam Award Committee Chairman; Lee Jang-mu, a former Gyeongam Award Committee Chairman and 200 others. 
Professor Son Hun invented the world's top-class smart sensors that can automatically detect in real time wear and tear of a big structure from the beginning and contributed in improving safety.
Incheon Port Authority (President Nam Bong-hyun) stated on the 31st it was selected as an outstanding organization for reducing greenhouse gas on the performance evaluation of '2017 Public Sector Greenhouse Gas and Energy Goal Management,' run by the Ministry of Environment, and received the Environment Minister Award.  
The ingredient 'Isododecane,' which prevents evaporation of water and enhances spreadability, coats each individual lash, making lashes look moist and voluminous.
Sei Bella Volume Extreme+ Length & Lift Waterproof Mascara comes in two colors, brown and black, so you can choose to match your hair color.
The 10 wanghongs who attended this event were power influencers, each with more than 5 million followers at most, and through their own social media live streaming, introduced and demonstrated the products and answered questions spending time to promote the products and communicating. 
A victim of the forced labor during the Japanese colonial era, Ms. Kim Jae-rim sheds tears during the press conference on the 31st afternoon before the Gwangju High Court, in Dong-gu, Gwangju, after the first date for pleading in the appellate trial of the damage suit against the war criminal company Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Inc. 
11 A.M. on the 31st, the mayor of Daejeon Heo Tae-jeong held a policy orientation presentation under the topic '7030 Daejeon, into a Culture Rich City Daejeon' at Korail (formerly Korean National Railroad) Daejeon Regional Office, located in East Square at Daejeon Station. 
It is the city's policy to decidedly invest in the areas where people can encounter the arts in daily life and close the cultural gap between the old town and the new town.  
Along with this, the city is commodifying K-POP Festival, Ten-Ten Project and other things to enjoy to successfully promote '2019 Year of Daejeon Visit.'
In the year of Daejeon visit and the 100th year of 3.1 Movement, the city is setting up a conference and a documentary to shed new light on Danjae, Shin Chaeho.
Besides, being proactive to establish the sports industry through fostering sports brand items representing Daejeon and hosting e-sports and drone and robot sports matches is an intended plan.
Starex Camper Univan RT (UNIVAN RT), presented at Korea's biggest automobile aftermarket exhibition 2018 AutoWeek, which UniCamp Co., Ltd. recently finished successfully, is attracting attention. 

His integrity in focusing solely on training with total abstinence from smoking and drinking can give other national players winning mentality.
Experts analyze that the market is responding as the government is bringing up a 'contingency plan (emergency response plan)' following having taken out 'the Stock Market Stabilization Fund' card. 
Giving tax benefits on long term investment funds, encouraging pension fund, and developing and executing stock market stabilization fun and more will be on the list of the contingency plan.
Samsung, the world's number one smartphone maker, is undergoing a hard time due to a decrease in the market share in China, India, North America and others. 
It is not because of the expectation to see his 'magical pitches' from his heyday but because of his unwithering passion for baseball. 
The center is in charge of all the processes including distribution survey for conservation of endangered wildlife, habitat preservation, technology development, restoration and follow-up management in accordance with the Ministry of Environment 's Comprehensive Plan for the Conservation of Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, made public on the day. 
The center will start restoring seven species such as endangered species I class otters, storks, nadopungran and endangered species II class rock pigeons, Koreanohadra koreana, and Seoul pond frogs within the year for the opening ceremony. 
In this case, the key point is how long the disciplinary time for Jang Hyeonsoo will be until the Asian Cup finals in January next year and the pre-match warm-up games before that. 
Even though William Lee Daniels, who joined as a temporary replacement, scored 18 points, the highest in the team, it couldn't prevent Electroland from losing. 
Lee Dae-sung, Yang Dong-geun, Park Kyung-sang and other guards continued weakening the opponent's defense, and Lee Jong-hyun and Ra Gun-ah played offense under the hoop using the high-low motion offense.
Coach Yoo Jae-hak, of Ulsan Hyundai Mobis, currently in the lead at the beginning of the season, smiled with another victory. 
Whether a starter or a non-starter, every Hyundai Mobis player on the court is playing great, with lots of good players in the team this season. 
Ecowell Co. is set to foster a business environment better than those at big businesses by supporting to build a mall exclusive for the company to reduce the budget of small and medium-sized enterprises and to improve the welfare of its employees.
The trade war between the two countries that heavily affect Korea's export (the U.S. and China) is escalating, and the country's financial market, encroached in fear, is showing instability. 
As China's 'semiconductor rising' has been constrained, it has bought Korean semiconductor companies time to further widen the technology gap. 
Experts are paying close attention as China, which could be a potential threat to Korean semiconductor industry, may be blocked or delayed from entering the memory semiconductor market 
It was due to the prospect that the semiconductor supercycle will soon come to an end and concerns regarding oversupply from China's entry to the semiconductor market. 
The main reason is that continental glaciers from the Antarctic, Greenland and others are melting, and taking the current rate of global warming into consideration, 50 years from now, the sea level is expected to rise by around 1m.  
Responding to this, Paju-si again completed the longest suspension footbridge in the country which opened at Majang Reservoir, in Gisan-ri, Gwangtan-myeon, last March. 
As the suspension footbridge emerged as a new tourism product supporting the regional economy, other local governments are scrambling to construct a suspension footbridge as if the suspension footbridge equals to 'the goose that laid the golden eggs.' 
Yesan-gun, Chungcheongnam-do, is building a 402m-long suspension footbridge, longer than twice of that in Sogeum-san, at Yedang Reservoir, the largest agricultural reservoir in the country.   
The possibility cannot be ruled out that the competition to build a longer suspension footbridge in a short time can lead to poor construction that overlooks safety.
The Board of Audit and Inspection recently did an audit of suspension footbridges, zip lines and cable cars; found 9 illegal and/or unreasonable or in the need of improvement; and ordered 18 organizations including the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport to keep an eye out or complement and improve the system. 
As of last June, there were 22 suspension footbridges in the country that were over 100m and installed and in current use, but 13 of them from 12 organizations including Gangjin-gun had not been tested for wind resistance safety.
Some bridges were special bridges (suspension bridges) with cables supporting the structure and thus in high danger of cable damage by lightning; however, lightning protection system such as lightning rods were missing, and at some places cables were connected poorly and bolts were found loose.  
Ulsan Hyundai Mobis guard Lee Dae-sung scored 18 points including 4 three-point field goals during the 2018-2019 Professional Basketball Regular League game against Electroland held at Samsan World Gymnasium, Incheon, on the 31st, and led the team to a 92-72 victory. 
Family members and friends of Yoon Chang-ho pointed out that drunk driving punishment in Korea is weaker than in overseas and even proposed a bill called 'Yoon Chang-ho Law' that would strengthen drunk driving punishment. 
Assemblyman Lee Yong-ju was driving under the influence at around 10:55 P.M. on the 31st and was caught drunk driving near Cheongdam Park, in Gangnam-gu, Seoul.  
AfreecaTV is in charge of planning, production, and management of the joint venture's esports contents along with all the online services while SBS is in charge of services on network and cable TV along with global publishing of the joint venture's esports contents. 
He has fallen behind the competition against the rising star Gomez (21, Liverpool), but he still deserves a chance.
New judges are presented their certificate of appointment and take an oath at the appointment ceremony for new judges held at the Supreme Court in Seocho-gu, Seoul, on the 1st afternoon.
Chungnam National University Sanitation Workers Labor Union has collected union fees and donation and given scholarship to 3 students every year for 5 years since 2014. 
Unlike the first-generation's opaque solar roof, the second-generation's semi-translucent solar roof, which will be applied to internal combustion engine models for the first time in the world, is a transparent and convertible option for consumers who want openness.
The highlight of the day was shooting a floater (a shot released high to overwhelm a tall player's defense) in front of Capella after driving through Eric Gordon's defense. 
Thanks to Anthony, there are more offense options, but as forward Trevor Ariza (Phoenix Suns), who did all the tough jobs last season, and Luc Mbah a Moute (LA Clippers) had left the team, it has hurt defense. 
Candidate Yang was inaugurated as the President last April after Ko Dae-young, a former KBS President, had been dismissed, and served as the president for the former president's remaining term until November 23. 
After Candidate Yang graduated from College of Political Science and Economics, Korea University, he joined KBS in 1989 and produced 'In-depth 60 Minutes,' 'History Special,' 'Good Insight' and others.
There seems to be no one helping, and you may get stuck in a quagmire where you can't mover forward nor backward. 
The share of semiconductors in exports has remained steady at around 20% since it exceeded 20% for the first time in October last year. 
Africa TV announced on the 2nd that it will be participating in various types of games at 'G-Star 2018,' an international game exhibition held in BEXCO, Busan, from April 15th to 18th. 
StarCraft BJ Destruction Game plays out in its own unique way in which team members make orders or play production and control roles separately. 
In 'the Photo of the Day with BJ' booth, where you can take pictures with famous AfreecaTV BJs, you can choose your choice of a BJ and take a picture with him or her and have it printed out on the spot or sent to your e-mail. 

In the open studio, one can experience AfreecaTV BJ broadcasting in person, and in the VR zone, it is possible to have a virtual reality experience of AfreecaTV e-sports video.
The World Cooking Contest, hosted by the Gwangju and Jeonnam branch of Korea Chefs Association, consists of a live contest (individual and group), a creative cooking contest using the local specialties for student and general groups, exhibitions, and other events.
The creative cooking contest divided into groups of students and general is expected to have an atmosphere of communication to share chefs' recipes and advanced cooking tips and to actively communicate and share opinions with visitors. 
The Gwangju and Jeonnam branch of Korea Chefs Association announced that it will award a total of 43 teams for highly-acclaimed dishes at the contests including the Gwangju Metropolitan City Mayor Prize and the Korea Chefs Association President Prize. 
Gyeonggi-do Governor Lee Jae-myung's wife Kim Hye-kyung is attending the police at Gyeonggi Nambu Provincial Police Agency, in Suwon, Gyeonggi, on the 2nd morning over the alleged controversy over the owner of the so-called "Hye Kyung Palace Kim" Twitter account. 
Lee and Kim were handed over to the court for having artificially ramped up the stock prices and sold them pocketing the 2.37 billion won difference from November 2014 to February 2016 . 
Kim, who appeared in a blue dress with a black purse, waved off the question how she felt about attending the police. 
On the 2nd, Son Yeon-jae's agency Hyundai Central Planning (HCP) released an official statement about their decision to take firm legal action against netizens who spread rumors, wrote malicious comments, and defamed her online. 
Son's agency stated through monitoring various online communities and social media sites, it has procured lots of evidence.
After the H5 strain of the bird flu was discovered from wild bird feces/droppings collected on the last 29th from Gokgyocheon, in Asan, Chungcheongnam-do, a poultry farm in Duwol-ri, Gayagok-myeon, Nonsan-si, Chungcheongnam-do, is taking quarantine measures on the 2nd. 
Anyone who has a bachelor's degree (or is scheduled to graduate) or is recognized as having equal or higher academic ability under the laws and regulations can apply regardless of his or her major. 
The application period is from  November 5, 2018 to the midnight of November 19, and one can apply online anytime during the period through the homepages of Uwayapply or Graduate School of Social Welfare.  
This place aims to provide a stable habitat for low-fishing birds and other aquatic birds, and foster the contents of important ecological resources in Songdo International City.
The Wetlands Conservation Act imposes the state and local governments to preserve wetlands and limit the activities of new or expanded buildings or other artificial structures.
An Ethiopian Airlines plane carrying 157 passengers and crew members crashed as it was on the way to Nairobi, Kenya, from Addis Ababa on 10th.
In 2010, an Ethiopian plane crashed in the Mediterranean Sea after taking off from Beirut International Airport, killing 90 people.
To that end, the military opened the multi-purpose Han Seok-bong Gymnasium in 2016 and completed the baseball stadium and the traditional archery gallery last year in a sports complex in Daigok-ri, Gapyeong-eup, where the existing general stadium, an indoor gymnasium, tennis courts and a soccer park are located.
These events are expected to be of great help to the local economy, including restaurants, hotels, pensions and tourism businesses because they are not events that end in a day, but rather a stay-at-home event, with an average of 1,500 athletes per event scheduled to stay in Gapyeong this year, and the total number of more than 37,000 athletes will stay in Gapyeong.
As a result, the military is also paying attention to improving the income of the local residents by promoting the connection of private housing and lodging businesses, encouraging the use of local companies when signing contracts to attract competitions, and promoting visits to family units by linking other sports and festivals and performances.
This could be a policy to induce new employment because it will deduct 50% of the equivalence of social insurance premiums paid by users for newly employed workers over the next two years.
The air environment standard of Korea is 35μg per cubic meter with an average PM2.5 (dirt less than 2.5 microns in diameter) per 24 hours and the highest concentration reached 150μg last week.
To put it another way, the effect of weather factors on wind and temperature distribution works to a great extent, unless emissions and atmospheric composition have changed significantly compared to last year.
The club previously tied defending champion Jeonbuk 1-1 in the opening match at Jeonju World Cup Stadium in North Jeolla Province on 1st, and won their first league victory by taking advantage of the flow of beating Australia's Melbourne Victory 3-1 in Group F of the Asian Football Confederation Champions League on 5th.
Defensive midfielder Ryu Jae-moon (27), winger Ko Jae-hyun (21), Jang Sung-won (23) who has played in all matches and Park Han-bin (23) who scored three goals last season are also giving Daegu a youthful boost.
It took a long time for promising players to grow as the mainstay, but the tenacity of CEO Cho Kwang-rae and head coach Andre is finally paying off.
Plenty of room for Sejingya to be free to play was possibly made by Edgar who owned the ball from the front and disturbed the opponent's defense. 
The changed principle proves to be successful in that Andre and Cho freely communicated and led the team to success.
The club must find a replacement for Edgar's role in advance or create a new pattern of attacks using Dario when Edgar is absent.
Lee Dong-kwon, head of Ulsan's Buk-gu Office, explains to local construction site officials a special law on fine dust reduction and management and major policies related to the implementation of emergency reduction measures on the premises at the conference room of the district office on 11th.
KORAIL will launch a new train tour package called "The Sea Craved" to mark the first anniversary of the opening of Sacheon Beach Cable Car, Korea's longest maritime cable car (2.4km), on 19th.
The Lotte Giants, a traditional popular club, also plan to raise the home crowd to one million in two years since 2017.
It is meaningful that the league has already seen the era of nine million spectators, starting with 1.43 million in 1982, the first year of the professional baseball league.
The impact of the Jakarta-Palembang Asian Games was also negligible, but they have to admit that the ways fans look at the baseball circle are also are facing different places.
Aberrations such as the early appointment of the players involved in the sex scandal, access to casinos abroad where the effects of the scandal are still lingering, and even drunk driving still continue to take place.
If all the clubs and the KBO go forward just for the sake of their grades, avoiding communication with fans, and covering up their mistakes, to sustain an era of 8 million-viewers is not easy.
The annual salary of "Double-edged sword" Shohei Otani, 25, who is resuming training after elbow surgery, was reportedly set at $650,000 this year.
Otani is expected to receive an annual salary of slightly above $555,000(based on that of 2019) that is set as the minimum salary of this year as well because salary adjustment is possible in only three years after the first contract.
Otani seems to have been evaluated to some extent for his performance in pitching and hitting, let alone winning the American League Rookie of the Year last year.
The program will be conducted through a business agreement with the Association of Opticians in Uljin-gun, which will sponsor a certain portion of the cost at the opticians' institute and provide part of the cost of purchasing glasses under the Dream Start custom support project in order to reduce the burden a buyer should cover by himself or herself.
Uljin-gun Dream Start has been providing tailor-made health, child care and welfare integration services to children and their families vulnerable to poverty since 2013 and is drumming up support for various projects both to promote healthy growth and development of children and to give them a fair start.
The city will advocate the 3R pan-citizens' practice by "Refusing" a disposable product and a disposable plastic bag that is replaceable, "Reducing" household waste and "Recycling" reusable items.
The city called for citizens' cooperation to fully settle the separate discharge of nonflammable waste as the method to dispose of household waste changed following the completion of the facilities energizing household waste in January.
The construction of a rest stop for Eonyang cargo trucks to provide a resting place for transportation workers in the western part of the country will be carried out as a civilian proposal project after the Korea Development Institute completes the review of its feasibility this month, while the construction of the site for the Samnam Logistics Complex (137,227㎡) in Samnam-myeon, Ulju-gun will be completed by the end of the year.
Soon after his release, Citi was transferred to the Malaysian Embassy in Indonesia and reportedly returned home on a flight to Jakarta.
Siti Aisyah has been tried for murder along with a 31-year-old Vietnamese woman, Doan Thi Huong, for killing Kim Jong-nam by splashing on his face VX nerve agent, a chemical weapon, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport on February 13, 2017.
The biggest cause of the blackout was that the Guri hydroelectric plant, which is responsible for two-thirds of Venezuela's total electricity supply, was shut down due to a breakdown.
The 59th cadets of the Armed Forces Nursing Academy, who were commissioned as a new officer, salute at a commencement and commission ceremony held at the training ground of the Armed Forces Nursing Academy in Daejeon on 11th.
Cheongju City, North Chungcheong Province, will begin the process of forcibly expropriating 14,100㎡ of land and four pieces of obstacles, which was set for the site of the Unified City Hall, after failing to agree with the owners.
Besides this, 10,041㎡ of land, including the building of Cheongju Hospital and the site of Cheongseok Academy, were not properly discussed due to the difference in compensation amounts.
Prior to this, rumors, which contain the illegal footage and the identification of the victims who were mentioned in singer Jung Joon-young's group room on Kakao Talk, spread mainly on online sites and social networking sites.
Two members of a famous girl group were named as victims through the rumors, but the two are known to be unrelated to Jung Joon-young's group room at Kakao Talk, and there are fears of a second round of abuse.
The production and distribution of malicious rumors about entertainers is subject to  immediate prosecution, law suit, and criminal punishment on the basis of cyber slander and defamation.
The meeting of board members was held privately, using the third floor of Yeondong Church's 110th Anniversary Hall, which is located with a daycare center, rather than a general meeting room, without giving prior notice to reporters.
Lim Sung-jae shot a 4-under 68 with six birdies and two bogeys in the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational, which took place at Bay Hill C&L (par 72, 7,429 yards) in Orlando, Florida on 11th (Korea time).
Lim Sung-jae also doubled his joy as he secured a ticket to the Open, one of this year's major tournaments, which is given to the top three players who are not yet qualified for the Open among the top 10 players in the tournament.
Lim Sung-jae also earned $1,338,333 (1.52 billion won) in prize money for the season, ranking 26th, the highest among South Korean players.
Kwon Chang-hoon, who suffered an injury in his Achilles' heel in May last year and dropped out of the national team just before the 2018 World Cup in Russia, recently recovered from injury and scored a goal, boosting his performance.
Yangcheon-gu was the only district office in January to receive the highest rating for two years in a row in the sector of the "2018 Operation and Evaluation of Autonomous Internal Control" organized by the Ministry of Public Administration and Security.
He gave an explanation to rumors that there was an EXO member in the group chat room of Kakao Talk, which shared the sex videos illegally filmed by Seungri and Jung Joon-young.
A flurry of criticism was sprouting from fans on social networking sites and communities about whether the event should survive by ruining existing traditions though it is held even in China.
In addition, fans also evaluated that its cause falls behind that of its global recognition though it is understandable that its owner Smilegate put its cash cow "Crossfire" in the stock list, 
Members cast their ballots carefully at the voting booth of Nosong-dong on the fourth floor of Jeonju Nong Hyup in Jeonju, North Jeolla Province on 13th, the day of the 2nd simultaneous election for the chiefs of Nong Hyup unions.
Union members are waiting in line to exercise a precious vote to decide the union leader at the headquarters of the Seo Cheongju Nong Hyup, a Gangseo -1-dong voting booth in Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province.
People will be able to listen to Gugak(traditional Korean music) broadcast in Yeongdong, the birthplace of one of the nation's three greatest musicians.
Yeongdong-gun expects the launch of a Gugak(traditional Korean music) broadcasting station to play a great role in promoting Gugak, expanding its base and improving regional culture and welfare.
Yeongdong-gun and Gugak Broadcasting Station plan to hold a concert in May to celebrate the opening of Yeongdong Gugak Broadcasting Station and to enjoy the deep taste of traditional art.
Juventus made a success in advancing to the quarterfinals by beating Atletico Madrid 3-0 in the second leg of the round of 16 of the 2018-2019 UEFA Champions League at Allianz Stadium in Turin, Italy, on 12th.
Juventus came from behind with the two goals Gonzalo Higuain and Paulo Diballa scored, and the players kept Tottenham off offense with persistent fighting spirit and teamwork.
Dubious rumors surrounding the victims of the illegal footage of the so-called "Jeong Joon-young Dantokbang((group chat room)" spread through SNS and other sources, along with earlier allegations surrounding Big Bang's Seungri and singer Jung Joon-young.
Almond Play demonstrated its mobile RPG called 'Elgrado RPG' that pictures adventures taking place in Elgrado, a hypothetical twin-star planet, and drew on-site consultations with high perfection of contents.
Captains introduced "Fanta fishing," a VR game that allows freshwater and sea fishing, in 12 different maps, and caught attention from buyers for its concept of "enjoying realistic fighting fishing with fish in virtual space."
A joint funeral for the victims of Hanwha's Daejeon Operation Office who died in the explosion on 14th of the last month, was held in front of the main gate of the Daejeon Operation Office in Oksam-dong, Yuseong-gu, Daejeon on 13th.
Some colleagues wiped tears off the podium as the cinerary urns of the three victims that came out of the funeral car were placed on the podium.
Under the agreement made with the Korea Broadcasting System (KBS), Hanul Nuclear Power Plant has been providing TV license fees for households imposed on the residents across Uljin-gun since January.
The road under Jangdeungcheon-gyo Bridge was low for passing and narrow in width, making it difficult for emergency vehicles to pass in the event of a disaster such as a fire, and the repeated traffic jams caused by it inconvenienced residents to a severe extent.
The Korea Railroad Corporation signed a business agreement with Daejeon City and will spend 12 billion won (75% by the Korea Railroad Corporation and 25% by Daejeon City) on the project to expand the lower road under Jangdeungcheon-gyo Bridge, and install a passage box of 13.9m in height and 4.5m in width by 2022.
Yang Seung-jo, governor of South Chungcheong Province, and other mayors and county heads adopted a joint proposal to designate an innovative city in South Chungcheong Province and to set up stop stations on the "Pyeongtaek-Osong Bokbok Line (Four-track Line)" and "Cheonan-Asan."
The participants shared strategies and schedules to secure the 2020 government budget and discussed future countermeasures in the meeting on that day.
The appointed members of the settlement inspection team will inspect the general and special account revenues and expenditure budgets, continuing expenses, express carry-over expenses, accident transfer fees, bonds and liabilities for 25 days from April 1.
The Board of Audit and Inspection reached a conclusion that Cheong Wa Dae's execution of the expense account, the dubiety of which had been raised by Rep. Shim Jae-chul of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party last year, was appropriate.
The inspection began when Shim and his aides accessed the digital budget accounting system(Di-Brain) of the Korea Financial Intelligence Service and obtained the details of the use of the expense account by Cheong Wa Dae and raised suspicions.
During the audit, the Board of Audit and Inspection concluded that there is no problem with the timing of use and the appropriateness of the business nature as pointed out intensively by Rep. Shim.
Cheong Wa Dae was found to have executed the expense account including 81 at pubs, 54  at entertainment, 698 at department stores, 43 at high-end Japanese restaurants that exceeded 500,000 won, and 2,461 at midnight and on holidays during the audit period.
An official identified by A of the Ministry of Public Administration and Security used 2.92 million won for private purposes after purchasing gift certificates for coffee shops from the expense account between September and October 2017.
The city commissions "a study on the local supply plan of funeral facilities in Pohang City and the plans for the use of the current municipal crematorium facilities" to closely analyze the current status of the use of funeral facilities including and survey residents' needs.
Mayor Ahn Byung-yong, the head of the park's green department, and the head of the park's administrative team inspected the safety of the overall park environment, including the park facilities and the commuting road used by elementary school students on that day.
Media Day was held at Hotel Rivera in southern Seoul on 12th ahead of the opening of the V-League postseason, which will decide the best team in professional volleyball this season.
A large number of retired government officials have been appointed to open high-ranking posts at the main office following the head of a local public company under North Jeolla Province, sparking criticism that it is "the personnel management of a revolving door."
The heads of the Korea Institute of Automotive Convergence Technology, the Korea Institute of Eco-Convergence Textile, the Namwon Medical Center, the Center for International Exchange and the Human Resources Development Foundation were all reappointed after retiring from their posts in the provincial government, governmental ministries and Jeonju city.
The first public hearing for the head of a local public corporation under the supervision of North Jeolla Province is scheduled to be held at the provincial council office on 19th against the candidate for the president of the Development Corporation of North Jeolla Province under these circumstances, drawing keen attention from provincial residents.
This place plans to operate 12 sports including track and field (short-distance, medium-distance, long-distance, high jump, and distance throw), swimming, gymnastics, judo, archery, Taekwondo, wrestling, weightlifting, fencing, modern triathlon, shooting and cycling).
Wonju City, even though it is the largest city in the province, has felt a sense of cultural deprivation and alienation due to the lack of a large-scale performance facility."
Prior to this, the union decided to stage a general strike with about 96%, or 1,246, of 1,303 voters voting for or against labor disputes conducted on 7th and 8th.
Daegu FC, the franchise team, continues to win consecutive games with good performance, and the recently opened soccer stadium is fully crowded with spectators day after day.
It is a small stadium,  with the distance between the ground and the stands being only 7m, which has the advantage of spectators enjoying the players' play in front of their eyes.
Ephphatha Welfare Center for the Disabled is one of six facilities, including Ephphatha School, Ephphatha Village, Ephphatha Day Care Center for the Disabled, Ephphatha Children's Development Center and Ephphatha Self-help Center the Disabled under the management of Ephphatha Welfare Association (Chaired by Jang Chang-won), a social welfare corporation.
Ephphatha General Welfare Center for the Disabled is comprised of six teams that have strengthened the rights of the disabled, case management and network by applying changes in the welfare paradigm for the disabled and the desire of the community under the management of its director and secretary general.
Oh Seung-hwan struck out his first opponent, Socrates Brito, with a whiff,  but allowed the next batter, Ildemaro Vargas, to hit in the right field.
Oh Seung-hwan had one scoreless inning against the Cleveland Indians on 27th in the first appearance in an exhibition game, but has since allowed runs in three consecutive games.
Incheon City (Mayor, Park Nam-chun) announced on 14th that it would provide management services such as house repairs, environment maintenance, tool rental, and unmanned delivery operation for the weak in the existing residential areas of the old downtown.
For this purpose, the city will provide 365 million won in municipal subsidies to six districts, including Jung-gu, and expand and set up village housing management centers to embark on a new chapter for the revival of the old downtown.
This year, when the participation of residents is reflected in the budget for the first time, will see the operation of the centers with 1.43 billion won in business expenses, a seven-fold increase from that of last year, with the municipal expenses and the district office expenses being 50% respectively.
The village housing management center, the first of its kind in the country introduced by Incheon City, started its business in 2015, achieving operational results such as 202 cases in 2015, 596 in 2016, 1,716  in 2017 and 2,691 in 2018, showing a 13-fold increase so far in four years since its introduction.
The city plans to expand the number of the village housing management centers, which are currently being operated in six places in five districts, to more than 20 by 2022 for all counties and districts to further boost their operation.
The Securities Market Headquarters of the Korea Stock Exchange held an IPO ceremony at the Public Promotion Hall of the Korea Stock Exchange's Seoul office in Yeouido, Seoul, on the morning 14th to celebrate the new listing of DreamTech in the stock market, which manufactures electronic parts.
From the left are Kim Won-dae, chairman of the Korea IR Council, Hwang Woo-woon, head of NH Investment & Securities' IB Business, Lee Eun-tae, head of the Korea Stock Exchange's Securities Market Division, Dream Tech Chairman Kim Young-ho, Dream Tec CEO Kim Hyung-min and Lee Won-sun, executive director of the Korea Listed Companies Council, being photographed.
About 200 participants apply to the contest every year, in which a user-drawn work is reflected in the in-game skins.
Classes are conducted according to the trend of the season, including planting seedlings, cooking with harvested crops, preparing kimchi and making kimchi, and they give students lessons that they cannot get from textbooks.
It's also my fault that I didn't think this was a crime and a criminal act, and that, just feeling complacent, I didn't restrain it rigidly.
The Ministry of Gender Equality and Family announced that it would make a detailed review of "a collection of cases of teaching guidelines for gender equality for elementary, middle and high school students," which has been under controversy for provoking gender-to-gender conflicts.
It applies to a village which is more than 2km away from central areas where the "eup" office or the "myeon" office is located, with senior citizens aged 60 or older accounting for more than 30% of its total population.
An on-site survey of 42 villages in Ulju-gun and a meeting with residents between January and February had the city select 24 villages, including Naegwang Village, as operating areas for buses, and confirm six routes operated by 25-seater buses.
The center conducted an education for dementia partners and dementia prevention each time and carried out learning and handicraft activities to enhance cognitive functions such as making mug wort rice cakes, making bean bags, playing sheet ball games and playing "yutnori."
If a person participates in a match-up vote and even leaves a message of support, a mobile cultural gift certificate (5,000 won) will be given to a total of 50 users through a lottery.
Previously, 120 out of 242 local care consultants went on an indefinite strike, demanding the extension of working hours and the implementation of "one care consultant per room."
The revision to "the special law on fine dust reduction and management" passed on the day changed the establishment and operation of the nation's fine dust information center from a voluntary rule to a compulsory regulation.
In addition, a revision bill to "the Atmospheric Environmental Conservation Act" was passed to order low pollution measures for aging construction machines and to support a budget in case measures for low pollution are taken.
"A Song of Jeonbuk Citizens" and "A Song of Jeonju Citizens," the lyrics of which were written by Kim Hae-gang (1903-1987), who is embroiled in a pro-Japanese controversy, are again implicated in the liquidation debate.
The vehicles carrying the cinerary urns passed through the main gate after visiting 32nd, 58th and 12th sections of the Daejeon office, one after another, where the victims worked, before the funeral ceremony.
The project is to set up a ropeway from the waterfront of Samcheon-dong to the ridge of the seventh part of Samak-san Mountain across Lake Uiam, and will be promoted as a joint project by the city and the private sector.
Small business owners can receive 250,000 won as a subsidy if they take a comprehensive health checkup at a local hospital, and if they go through a hospital which cooperates with the Hope Center, they are eligible for preferential medical checkups like corporate welfare.
The project involves a construction to establish a railway line with a total extension of 139km from Guway Part in western UAE, adjacent to the Saudi border, to Ruwais.
In a big game where a win or a loss is decided in a short period of time, the outcome depends on whether a player can play as usual without getting nervous.
"Golf Emperor Tiger Woods," who lifted the trophy twice at this tournament, will endeavor to collect his third trophy as he made a full recovery from his injury.
This hole, which is designed to float like an island in the middle of the lake, becomes a match point every year and is notorious for frustrating players quite many times.
Performers in butterfly and honeybee costumes along with Everland's signature characters "Renie" and "La La"  promote "the Everland Tulip Festival" in Myeongdong, Seoul, on 13th.
It is notable that a pitcher is to face at least three batters, and that the number of rosters is increasing.
Although the number of existing jobs has decreased since the three industrial revolutions, it is based on the experience that new jobs have been created, which has led to the boost of new jobs as a whole.
Considering that smartphones are in much demand in developing countries the consumers of which can hardly afford to buy them, it can be seen as a reality that shows an aspect of 'digital divide' -- an information gap in the digital world.
Ryu Hyun-jin, who continued to pitch six scoreless innings in his previous three appearances, had his ERA in exhibition games rise to 1.80 with a run in his fourth appearance.
Though Jesse Winker was lured to hit a grounder to shortstop and the runner at second was caught at third, in the meantime, the third-base runner came to home base and he gave up the first run.
Choi Ji-man came out as the leadoff hitter in the bottom of the second inning to produce a hit in the right field, and hit an outfield hit in the bottom of the fourth with no runners on two outs.
People & Co announced that it would launch its first "Ecoderma Pure Sun Cushion" Season 2 made in collaboration with Kolmar Korea on March 15.
The Daegu Metropolitan City Government had earlier been elected to an executive board body with a three-year term in charge of seeking solutions to Asian water issues at the AWC's first general assembly held in March 2016.
The Ulsan Metropolitan City Government announced that Taeyeon Hakwon, an incorporated body, would open and operate "I Got Everything Ulsan City Branch," a cafe for the severely disabled, at the square of the 2nd Wing of the Ulsan Metropolitan City Hall at 2 p.m. on 15th.
Since Taeyeon Hakwon opened its first branch at the Sejong Government Complex in October 2016, about 130 disabled people have been hired and working at 37 outlets across the country, including the Ulsan Metropolitan City Hall, which opened this time.
To open the Ulsan Metropolitan  City Hall branch, the Korea Institute for the Disabled provided the installation fee, including the cafe's equipment and interior decoration, while the city of Ulsan provided the café space in the civil service room for free.
Its operating goal is to help the disabled feel happy by working and at the same time help consumers feel happy by purchasing delicious coffee.
The Korea Stock Exchange revised the "Listing Regulations and Enforcement Rules on the Securities and Stock Market," lowering the listing threshold for blue-chip companies with high future value even though their current sales and profits are insufficient on Nov. 5, 2015.
The Securities and Futures Commission under the Financial Supervisory Commission earlier concluded that Samsung Bio had committed accounting fraud worth 4.5 trillion won by converting its subsidiary Samsung Bioepis into a related company on Nov. 5, 2015.
The Korea Stock Exchange classified Samsung Bio as a subject for real screening of its eligibility for listing, and held a corporate review committee to make a decision on maintaining its listing and resuming transactions on December 10th last year.
Users can join the ranks of villains through "Dark Counterattacks," and make a new deck of 135 cards with vicious themes and new contents.
The new expansion pack begins with the story of Arch-Villain Rafaam, who appeared in the "The League of Explorers," which was introduced in Hearth Stone's adventure mode.
The keyword "strategies," which will be introduced for the first time through the expansion pack, is a spell effect that becomes stronger on every turn while it is in the player's hands.
The Donghae Branch of the Office of Education planned to place an order for the construction of Donghae Special School for the Disabled  at the site of former Namho Elementary School in Bugok-dong through the bid of the Public Procurement Service which was entered last January, and to start the construction this month.
The school will be built on an about 10,000㎡ site at former Namho Elementary School in Bugok-dong to accommodate 129 students in 19 classes at the cost of 30.9 billion won.
Solari focused on existing midfield lines, Tony Cross, Luca Modric and Kasemiru, but did not give Isco a chance.
Isco is located just below the front-line striker, but when the situation is not favorable, he even comes down below the half-line through an organic switching play with Modric or Cross.
Marcellu was able to actively attack in the Zidane system partly because of his outstanding personal skills, but from a tactical standpoint, he owes Isco who broke break the opponent's defensive line in a forward position.
Zidane does not employ innovative tactics, but he is a leader who can use flexible customized tactics based on many options.
The side striker resources currently available for Real Madrid are Bale, Vinicius Junior, Lucas Vazquez and Marco Ascencio.
Zidane's likely best system is to mix two-top, with Benzema and Bale working in front, and three-top, with Ascencio or Isco placed on the side.
It is regrettable that Vinicius, who can be used as a valid option, is virtually out of the season due to a ligament break.
Zidane's tactical options would have been much wider if he had been able to make normal use of Vinicius, who had recently been in good harmony with Benzema.
Though he has a weakness in vying for the ball due to his poor physical condition with a dwarf physique, he is outstanding in aggressive contribution along with his basic duty, regional defense.
It is an achievement of Solari that, even in times of crisis, Solari found young and talented Spanish players by giving a chance to backup players and those from the club's youth academy.
Reghilon, Vinicius and Llorente thank Solari by posting photos taken with him on the SNS account when his firing was announced, 
He chose to return to his former club which was in a difficult situation when England's Manchester United, Germany's Bayern Munich and France's Paris Saint-Germain wanted him.
I would like to applaud his move to win a certain achievement in the sense that he chose loyalty at the risk of his previous honors being tarnished.
The Sibridae Forest of the Taehwa-gang River's Local Garden has been loved by domestic and foreign visitors, being selected as one of 26 major ecological tourist destinations in Korea and 100 must-visit Korean tourist choice since its opening in 2010 as an ecological river restoration project, 
As evidenced by its much use, the trails of Sibridae Forest show foot-presses, dumps and humps, puddles and the exposure of bamboo roots on the various parts of the surface.
The city plans to create a pleasant walking space by laying clay sand in 10cm depth over the entire course of about 4,800㎡ including 1.28km of walkways and connecting roads in the forest and then tamping the ground.
Suam Hanwoo (Korean beef) Night Market is the only night market in the country with the food of grilled Korean beef and visitors can purchase Korean beef at a cheap price from a beef stand and eat it with the beef grilled with charcoal on the spot.
Suam Hanwoo Night Market holds cultural performances and events at the Suam Market Crossroad Plaza every time it is opened so that visitors can enjoy games of memories and cultural performances with food, 
Seongnam City announced on 15th that it signed a business agreement on the joint promotion of the parking space sharing project through the information service of public parking lots, in the presence of Mayor Eun Soo-mi, Yoon Jung-soo, president of Seongnam City Development Corporation , and Chung Ju-hwan, CEO of Kakao Mobility,  at the situation room on the 9th floor of the city hall on the previous day.
Furthermore, the city will promote the project so that private parking lots can also provide real-time parking information through mobile apps, and push for an amendment to the ordinance that will allow a reduction benefit of congestion charge to participating parking lots in order to expand the service.
This is a screening device that can show the front position, and provides FHD-class images, equipped with a 2.1Megaapixel CMOS image sensor.
Lee Dae-ho homered over the left fence by hitting the second pitch of Kiwoom starter Kim Dong-jun (27) in the top of the first when he was 0-0 with one out and runners on 1st and 3rd base.
Wang Daeryuk also posted photos taken with Jung Joon-young and Seung-ri respectively in June of the same year, one month ahead of the fan meeting in Seoul.
Wang Daeryuk showed off his relationship with Seung-ri close enough to show the photos taken with him on SNS, but this ended up in disgrace.
The county (gun) office has had talks with Gangwon Provincial Government, Gangwon Passenger Buses, Gyeongbuk Provincial Government, and Geuma Passenger Buses, a provincial company, to restore the route for about three months.
As a result of such efforts, one route bound for Gangreung, which departs at 7:30 a.m. from Uljin Bus Terminal, resume its operation through the approval of the change of business plan submitted by Gangwon Heung-up and Gangwon Passenger Motors.
Four K-League teams that played in the Asian Football Confederation Champions League this season are on an unbeaten streak against the Super League teams.
The hydrogen industry is already competitive and the global hydrogen market is still in its early stage so it can dominate the global market.
Ulsan produces more than 50% of the national hydrogen, being optimized for the production and storage of hydrogen as the city has storage facilities for 140 million barrels of liquid cargo  and 120,000㎥ of storage facilities for compressed gas, which are 
Ulsan City plans to supply 67,000 hydrogen-electric vehicles, set up 60 hydrogen charging stations, build 200km of hydrogen pipelines, produce 500,000 hydrogen-electric vehicles and install 250MW hydrogen fuel cells by 2030.
These local governments are engaged in an aggressive bid to win over the second round of screening by conducting joint operations with metropolitan organizations.
They claimed that Gunsan is a sacred place for soccer, hosting the Geumseok-bae Soccer Tournament for 28 times and that the Saemangeum site (near Shinsi-do Island and Yami_do Island) has a good transportation network thanks to the opening of Saemangeum International Airport and the North South Route and East and West Route in the future.
The city plans to expand welfare infrastructure such as day care centers for the disabled, a braille library and experience homes for the disabled so that the disabled can stand on their own feet, and to expand support services for their activities.
The city will invest 23 billion won by 2021 to establish "a national sports center for the disabled" in the Life District 4 of Bangok-dong, and spend 16 billion won to create an indoor ice rink for the disabled at the Central Park in Sejong-ri, Yeongi-myeon.
Besides, the city will implement "basic guarantees for the disabled of Sejong City type" to support medical, transportation and nursing expenses to households of the disabled, and will also introduce Sejong City-type disability benefits for the disabled from the next low income level.
Out of them, white box encryption technology applies Samsung SDS' own algorithm to convert the encryption key needed to decode data in a mathematical way, preventing hackers from finding it.
Park Sung-hyun, who has maintained her No. 1 spot in the Rolex women's world golf rankings for two consecutive weeks, will return to the LPGA tour through the Bank of Hope Founders Cup, which will open in Arizona on 21st.
Jung was questioned on charges of violating the Special Act on the Punishment of Sexual Violence (Filming with a device such as a camera, etc.) at the police station on 14th prior to this.
Shop For School is a company managed by women, certified as a social enterprise on May 4, 2016, after going through a prospective social enterprise in October 2012, and the company makes educational tools with the use of waste placards and provides services for environmental education.
Woori Bank beat Samsung Life Insurance 90-81 in the first game of the best-of-five playoff of the 2018-2019 Women's Korea Basketball League (WKBL) at Lee Soon-shin Gymnasium in Asan on 14th.
Pep Guardiola, who leads Manchester City in the English Premier League, expressed his respect for Tottenham Hotspurs, whom he met in the quarterfinals of the UEFA Champions League.
There were also some questions about whether the anonymous informer, who tipped off what was in the Kakao Talk chats of Seungri and Jung Joon-young, could be regarded as a whistle blower for public interest.
Even if a person is found guilty of theft or violation of the Personal Information Protection Act in connection with the way to obtain evidence in the course of investigation, his or her sentence can be reduced or exempted under Article 14 "Relief and Lessening of Responsibilities" of the Public Interest Informer Protection Act.
Other media report the death, but the news crew only report the shooting itself, saying they failed to confirm the exact truth.
A certain reporter asked the victim's friend how she felt about the death through his Facebook at the time of the Gangreung pension disaster late last year, 
It may not be just a problem of media in a society absent of consensus, where they deem as "carbon fairies," in regard to the carbon monoxide leak that killed several young people.
Daegu FC, with Sesinha and Edgar at the forefront, are showing perfect adaptation to their new home by winning 2-0 and 3-1 against Jeju and Guangzhou.
Unless the client makes an earnest request in advance, a smartphone technician has no choice but to look up the data in the mobile phone to check if the restoration job has been done successfully.
There is a good chance that the repairman may have peeped at Jung Jun-yeong's phone on purpose, but if he sees it naturally in the process of recovery, the repairman may not be at fault.
A church member must be able to remember Lord, who has walked the path of ordeals and thank Him for His grace through repentance and prayers, abstinence and fasting, and through deep meditation and reverent life.
The Center for Play Media Education (Director, Kwon Jang-hee), an educational organization for prevention of smart media addiction, will launch "a media fast campaign" for the next generation with the church during the Lent.
According to this law, a fine of up to 500,000 won will be imposed if one makes a fire in or carries a fire into a forest or adjacent areas (within 100m).
Local residents, who attended the customized meeting at the beginning of the year, expected that, with Mayor Park Nam-chun's deep interest in and full understanding of the district issues, pending issues in the district could be reflected in the city administration as soon as possible.
The local authorities announced that at least seven people were killed and 13 others were missing in the accident amid the rescue activities carried out by more than 200 firefighters mobilizing rescue dogs and life detectors.
The Sokri Mountain Complex Recreation and Tourism Complex has good accessibility as it is adjacent to the highway between Dangjin and Yeongdeok, and has the advantage of linking major tourism resources such as the Sokri Mountain National Park and Beopju-sa Temple.
IDOBE developed premium "nurungji" (the crust of overcooked rice) as a way to save the nutrition and vitality of rice embryos as much as possible by husking non-agricultural rice on the spot in a very thin way.
The Jeju provincial government announced on 17th that it has begun the preparation for the opening of "the 2019 World Jeju Residents Assembly" by drawing up a roadmap for each schedule in January this year after setting up its basic plan in November last year.
Information on "the 2019 World Jeju Residents Assembly" is available on the provincial government's website as well as in buses, on the bus information system at bus stops and the electronic sign boards of each agency.
It is analyzed that new technologies, which intensified the interoperability with smartphones such as smartphone-based digital keys, personalized profiles, built-in cams, were applied to new cars and reasonable prices of between 23.46 million won to 33.46 million won had an impact.
The Korea Economic Research Institute's analysis of "ICT import and export statistics" from 1996 to 2018 revealed that IT export excluding that of semiconductors fell for five years in a row, culminating in 2013.
Some experts point out that moving mobile phone production bases abroad for price competition with Chinese companies also weakens the base of domestic manufacturers.
Car mats may have been left wet due to the traits of winter when there are many days when people get into a car with their shoes covered with snow, 
Moisture can cause molds or bacteria to flourish, so it is recommended that the doors of the vehicle be fully opened and ventilated after cleaning it on a sunny day.
A control officer, who was watching the suspicious move, immediately radioed the police to come to the crime scene after Yoo robbed two cars in a series.
Local activists (Tour Dure PD) in the selected areas will be provided with funds for activities and related education to help them find and nurture various local businesses, while a local business will be provided with 600 million won from the government for mentoring startups, refurbishing markets for products and public relations for up to five years.
Chairman Song Young-chul is an expert on rural experience and tourism who works with local farmers every year to run talent donation-type farm parties, which leads to sharing and donation, and last year, he won the best prize for promoting rural tourism at the Rural Development Administration's Gangso(Small-but-strong) Farmer Competition.
The Paju City government explained that the project to promote a peace tour on the Korean Peninsula, the Paju Tourism Dure-Shared Bus, DMZ World Peace-Experience Program and the Promotion Project for DMZ Tourism Souvenirs seemed to have been evaluated as positive factors in the screening process.
This issue involves an article that was reported based on the official press release of the investigative agency, but it not only contained what was in the press release, but also is exaggerated or adapted for fun.
To put it another way, there should not be an act of exaggerating or adapting a report based on the report's release data to other content, and no assumption should be added, not a logical view, for an article written on the basis of the press release by an investigation agency to constitute illegitimacy.
In other words, if a person has contacted the victim or the suspect and covered the information sufficiently and, as a result, prove to a certain extent that Mr. B has plunged himself in gambling, he or she will not be liable for defamation as his illegality is formed.
Kim Yong-won, chief of staff of Daejeon's Dong-gu Office, who started fasting from the previous day to call for fair service to select a new baseball stadium, holds a press conference at West Square of Daejeon Station in the morning on 18th, and announces his stance on fasting.
A study revealed that, after the Sewol ferry disaster, more than half of the 212 students attending Danwon High School were recommended for psychological and medical treatment.
The fact-finding team of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party for the June 13 local elections held a press conference in relation to the de facto decriminalization at for the case of misfeasance of Park Gi-seong, former chief of staff of the mayor of Ulsan City by the prosecution office, at the Ulsan City Council Press Center in the morning on 18th to demand Hwang Un-ha, former head of the Ulsan Metropolitan Police Agency, to apologize and step down.
The Korea Labor and Welfare Service, which formed a consortium with the occupying companies, supported the expenses for the installation of the joint workplace children's home (155 billion won) and monthly labor and operation expenses for the teaching staff of the daycare center for free,  North Chungcheong Province provided 100 million won for financial support, and Cheongju City offered a construction site to this effect for free.
Epic Games Korea announced on 18th that it would host the "2019 Unreal Summit  Seoul" at Grand Intercontinental Seoul Parnas for two days on May 14-15.
As the number of participants in "the unreal summit" and needs are on the rise year after year due to the explosive interest of developers in the unreal engine.
All applicants who have completed the application with care will be given two free invitations to "the Unreal Summit" and selected presenters will be given a small amount of fee for presentation and free invitations to "the Unreal Summit."
Jeju Governor Won Hee-ryong apologized to the citizens for the overseas transfer of compressed-and-packed wastes which had caused a controversy of late and promised to prevent a recurrence of such cases at the press room on the third floor of Jeju Province Office in the afternoon on 18th.
Jeju Island recently confirmed that some of the compressed-and-packaged wastes, which had been entrusted to the disposal company, were shipped to the Philippines in the course of the processing of flammable wastes that had been brought to the North Jeju incinerator and that they were returned back to Jeju.
Jeju Province Office's own survey found that 1,782 tons of compressed packaging wastes contracted in December 2016 had been stored in Mindanao, the Philippines, 8,637 tons out of 9,262 tons contracted in 2017 in the logistics warehouse at Gunsan Port, and 625 tons at the pier of Gwangyang Harbor without being processed.
The city plans to expand the operation of the buses by comprehensively reviewing future financial conditions, the analysis of operating data and the convenience of passengers using them.
The city government explained that it could expect the effect of increasing five existing buses by increasing four low-floor buses with three doors.
The underground shopping mall at Uijeongbu Station was completed in 1996 and operated by a private company for 20 years, and was transferred to Uijeongbu City as of May 6, 2016 due to the expiration of its contract, and the city is carrying out the management of facilities.
This year, the city has secured the budget to repair electric transformers, water substations, cooling towers and cold water heater facilities whose life cycles have expired and to replace 1,200 fluorescent lights installed in the existing public sectors with LEDs, and is implementing the process of design services to promote construction.
While Korean food is slowly gaining weight in the world's dining market, "kimchi," which is considered a representative Korean dish, is gradually losing ground.
The figure represents a 20% increase in comparison of that of 2017, the largest rise since 2006 when the government began counting the record of kimchi export.
In fact, the import of kimchi, which stood at 14.4 million dollars in 2014, rose 32.3% in five years to 113.24 million dollars in 2015, 121.48 million dollars in 2016, 128.7 million dollars in 2017 and 138.21 million dollars in 2018.
Even last year, the export of kimchi increased by more than 20% on average, while export to China dropped by 6% to 410,000 dollars.
Some are calling for a new deck of menus  with Korean foods that are not centered unconditionally around kimchi, but highly favored by foreigners for the sake of the globalization of Korean food.
It is hard to find the stew kinds cooked mainly with kimchi or "jeon" kinds -- roasted or pan-fried cuisines of Korean type in most of the 925 Korean food restaurants which are found to serve skirt pork, gimbap, budaejigae and chicken ribs. 
Nothing has been decided on the most recently controversial solar energy project, such as the business structure, participating companies, power purchase prices, and project financing conditions -- PF is a method to loan necessary funds with the cash flow, which occurs in the project, being collateral.
The Sportage the Bold R2.0 Diesel is equipped with a front-wheel eight-speed automatic transmission, which was mostly applied to a vehicle of the upper class, for the first time in its class, enabling more stable driving.
The return on the ETF (listed index fund), which was invested in the mainland Chinese market, has also been on the rise, amid the vitalized capital market with expectations of a recent U.S.-China trade dispute agreement and policy momentum.
It is analyzed that the reason why the Chinese stock market is rising is due to the effect of the resolution of expectations over the U.S.-China trade dispute and of the yuan's depreciation issue.
The fair, which marks its fifth anniversary this year, is a link that provides useful information to those who dream of returning to farming and fishing villages and helps them lead to actual return.
The in-charge staff of local governments and public organizations nationwide will explain various policies of individual local governments, the education programs on the return to farming and fishing villages, the employment education and business start-ups related to the returning youths and senior citizens, projects to attract urban residents to farming and fishing villages, the support projects for housing purchase and tax support.
Various events are held: stamp events at the venue, an auction of local specialty products, special sale of local specialty products (firsthand marketplaces), cocktail shows, a contest of peeling agricultural products, and an event to experience "makgeolli" -- traditional Korean rice wine.
The cost information on the average total remuneration and on the expenses incurred by window purchase and online purchase in regard to the funds of the same kind within the industry are also available.
In November last year, the country's largest "First Migrant Human Rights and Peace Festival" was held at the 5-18 Democracy Plaza in front of the National Asian Cultural Center, with some 5,000 migrants from 15 Asian countries attending it.
The festival included performances by countries and fashion shows of traditional costumes, traditional cooking contests, singing contests and a photo exhibition featuring the mournful lives of Korean compatriots.
The center, which opened in Wolgok-dong, began with the medical service practiced by medical staff at Gwangju Christian Hospital,  which was later joined by the Gwangju Foreign Workers' Culture Center, the Humanitarian Medical Society, the Dental Society for Health Society and the Gwangju and Jeonnam Branches of the Association of Korean Medicine.
If the project is designated as a regional development project zone, various levies and contributions, such as contributions for development, construction costs for alternative forest resources and charges for river occupation, will be reduced or exempted.
It is expected that Kim Han-byeol's performance will decide which team will win or lose in the third round of the final playoff match due on 18th, which will single out the team that will advance to the championship match.
Kim, along with three accomplices, committed the crime at the home of Lee's parents in Anyang, Gyeonggi Province, between April 25-26.
Yoon Ji-oh explained in detail the situation she could not talk about in order to protect the identity, but the host continued to persuade her, demanding that his real name be disclosed.
Anchor Wang Jong-myung, who ran the news, began the interview with questions about the background of her appearance as a witness to the trial of former Chosun Ilbo reporter and the process of the trial being changed from a public one to a closed one.
Considering Yoon Ji-oh's response, one can guess that Wang's demand to disclose his real name was an unexpected move that was not coordinated in advance.
His existing style is likely to remain the same as he vowed to stick to his philosophy even after the team's early elimination from the Asian Cup, 
Son Heung-min has been keeping in with Harry Kane as a two-top player recently, but it was when he took the top spot instead of Kane that he showed the best goal sense by running a scoring streak in four consecutive matches, .
This is also the area where floating substances from sushi restaurants in Oido, Siheung, and the sewage from Sorae Port, Namdong-gu, Incheon, meet.
It is said that pumping in depth water mechanically is hard to be trusted as the method is different from that of collecting fine plastic like a fish tank in surface water.
The probe team of fine plastic from the Incheon Institute of Health and Environment, while being skeptical about the step-by-step sampling, succeeded in commercializing the method of collecting samples under the same conditions by installing a ladder-shaped structure made of aluminum without installing underwater pumps in the middle and deep layers.
When seven people teamed up after installing the sampling structure in the sea for about 13 minutes and pulled it back to the marine purification ship, the sampling net contained a dense amount of visible plastic.
Kim Min-min of the Incheon Institute of Health and Environment and three other researchers secured fine plastic recovered from the sea in a method to wash the sampling container with distilled water so that fine plastic can converge the glass bottle.
The procedure to elevate the reliability of the results was conducted at the sampling site by washing the sampling container with distilled water to check if any secretion was found in it, recording the measured values, and subtracting it at the time of the results of the test being announced.
On the same day, the probe team of the Incheon Institute of Health and Environment conducted collection activities in five locations, including the front of the Incheon New Port and in the waters between Yeongjong Bridge and Seo-do Island.
For this reason, the Incheon Institute for Health and Environment plans to conduct micro-plastic surveys four times a year, including an investigation into flood trash pouring into the waters in front of Incheon from the Yeseong-gang River in North Korea and the Han-gang River in time for the flood season.
Oh Seung-hwan, who pitched a scoreless inning in his first appearance in an exhibition game against the Cleveland Indians on 27th, has since struggled with three losses due to the pain in his neck muscle.

Environment Minister Cho Myoung-rae (right) and Maritime Affairs and Fisheries Minister Kim Young-choon hold up the agreement, which they signed to reduce fine dust in the port areas governed by both ministries, at the Government Building in central Seoul in the morning on 19th.
In addition, the center is rated as high in the aspect of quality as it has acquired a certification for a service quality company issued by the Korea Agency for Technology and Standards and the KS Certification issued by the Korean Standards Association, and has been selected as an excellent call center by the Korea Management Association for 14 years in a row.
With the reproduction event of the 100th anniversary of the "3-19 Wonpyeong Marketplace Independence Movement" held at Wonpyeong Marketplace in Geumsan-myeon, Gimje, North Jeolla Province, on 19th, citizens and officials including Mayor Park Joon-bae shout "Hurrah for Korea's Independence."
After collecting opinions, Goyang City plans to submit the bill to the city council in the next month and make it public in May, and the city government will make what is in the bill realized by reflecting the budget in the supplementary budget immediately in the second half of the year when it passes the ordinance.

In fact, the genre of unattended games has recently gained popularity from many mobile game users, minimizing repetitive and cumbersome manipulation and allowing them to focus more on the fun of growth.
Jeju National University, the Livestock Promotion Service of Jeju Special Self-Governing and Kronex signed a business agreement at Jeju National University on 18th for business exchange and joint research through future-oriented industry-academic-government cooperation.
A state-run daycare center will open in December, where children of three-shift workers working at occupying companies in General Industry Complex, Cheongju Technopolis will be allowed to attend.
Kim Chun-hwan, a candidate for the president of Jeonbuk Development Corp., enters the hearing hall with the hearing scheduled to be held at the conference room of the governing committee of the North Jeolla Provincial Council in Jeonju, North Jeolla Province, on 19th.
Students, who visited a fountain at Chonbuk National University in Jeonju, North Jeolla Province,  are enjoying looking at water splashes and taking a rest on 19th when it was warm spring weather nationwide.
The event was designed to honor the noble will of the patriotic martyrs and patriots who sacrificed their lives for the independence during the time of the Japanese ruling and to remember the historic 3-19 Goesan Marketplace Independence Movement which had started first in North Chungbuk Province.
North Chungcheong Province earlier held a symposium tour (Goesan-gun and Jeungpyeong-gun) under the auspices of Goesan Cultural Center and Jungwon University's Hyangto Cultural Institute to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the 3-1 Independence Movement and the establishment of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea.
The Korea Railroad Corporation is seeking to participate in bids for large-scale PPP projects such as the second stage of the LRT (the cost is expected to be about 0.8 billion dollars) in Jakarta, Indonesia, the order of which is scheduled to be placed under the PPP project, and the Vietnam High Speed Railway project, which will cost about 13.8 billion dollars.
Established in June last year, the Korea Overseas Infrastructure City Development Assistance Corp. was designated as another public institution in January as a specialized investment institution for overseas investment and development, such as overseas project planning, the support of feasibility studies and financing.
Anchor Wang Jong-myung repeatedly asked Yoon Ji-oh to reveal his real name in the "Jang Ja-yeon list" at the news desk which was aired at night on 18th, drawing a flurry of criticism from viewers.
In the process, many viewers criticized Anchor Wang Jong-myung's repeated requests to reveal the real names of politicians, saying that the questions were rude and inappropriate without consideration of the guest."
Anchor Wang Jong-myung and News Desk producers took this criticism seriously, apologized directly to Yoon Ji-oh, and will also apologize to the viewers today through the news desk.
Zeda Korea develops and produces various types of products, including bridge inspection vehicles, steeple task vehicles, and document crushing trucks, and is a car manufacturer for special purpose vehicles which manufactures safe equipment that meets self-certification standards as a car manufacturer certified by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport 
People are returning to Nova, a village near Beira, a port city of in Mozambique,  which is one of the areas damaged most by the cyclone on 17th. 
The city has formed a council consisting of major related agencies in the city to meet the various and complicated expectations of citizens, which emerged the talks with citizens and to discuss collaboration among agencies.
According to the investigation, they were exempted from military service after they were issued a disability certificate and registered as a disabled person in a car at a hospital parking lot after paralyzing the hearing sense by exposing their ears to the noise of a bicycle horn or a cheering air horn to for a certain period of time.

The deceased, identified only by family names Lee (49), Ahn (49), and Kim (39), belonged to S Construction, a sub-contractor of GS Engineering & Construction Co., and was working on the steel plate where the accident occurred from 8:30 a.m.
In addition, Valve, which has put "Steam," a global online game platform, on service, will also showcase "Steamlink Anyware," which allows users to enjoy games through PCs or mobile devices once the Internet is connected, through GDC this year.
The correction of his hitting address appeared to be a nice decision when he made a hit and two RBIs in two at bats, but he failed to escape from the slump without a hit at 18 consecutive at-bats after adding another hit on 2nd (Korea Time).
Ichiro also stepped down without a hit in a friendly game against the Yomiuri Giants on 17th, ahead of the Major League Baseball's opening series at Tokyo Dome on 20th and 21st.
Ichiro, a genius who conquered the NPB and achieved a great feat of breaking 3,000 hits in MLB, and has been inducted virtually to the Hall of Fame, seemed unable to overcome the passing years.
With Ichiro's prolonged slump, local media predict that the opening game series against the Oakland Athletics will be his last games as an active player.
The Seattle Mariners are a prototypical "pro-Japanese" club which players representing Japan, including Kazuhiro Sasaki and Hisashi Iwakuma, joined and played at.
In fact, she has won four major championships, including the 2011 U.S. Open, the 2012 PGA Championship, the 2014 Open and the 2014 PGA Championship.
Woori Bank will be tasked with carrying out a generational transition and filling the void created by the retirement of Lim Young-hee (39), who played a leading role in the "six-time career wins," from the next season.
Woori Bank lost 68-75 to Yongin Samsung Life Insurance in the final third game of the women's basketball playoff for the 2018-2019 season held at Asan Lee Sunshin Gymnasium in South Chungcheong Province on 18th.
As manager Wi said, the main task of Woori Bank is how many new players Woori Bank will be transfused with after the retirement of Lim Young-hee, a core player.
On top of that, Lee So-young (23 points) and Pyo Seung-joo (11 points) joined the scoring march, and GS Caltex was on the verge of advancing to the championship series by winning the first two sets.
The government is trying to compensate for a certain proportion of the decrease in income of low-income households influenced by the increase of the minimum wage and the sluggish economy.
Although semiconductor business started to fall sharply since late last year, economic forecasting agencies expected the export of semiconductors to maintain a single-digit growth rate this year.
The "optimistic" growth forecast for this year by the Bank of Korea (2.6%) and the government (2.6-2.7%) is based on the premise that the export of semiconductors will remain at least positive compared to that of the previous year.
WSTC, a statistics organization for world semiconductor markets, in which 42 major global semiconductor companies are participating, predicted that the size of memory semiconductor markets will be reduced by 14.2% compared to that of the last year.
Based on this, the Korea Economic Research Institute estimated that if the export of semiconductors decreased by 10%, production inducement would decrease by up to 20 trillion won and the direct and indirect employment losses would reach 50,000.
The government should implement structural reform efforts in a speedy way to boost productivity as well as economy through monetary and financial policies.
The power supply network is structured for Korea Electric Power Corp. to buy electricity produced by coal-fired power plants, nuclear power plants, LNG power plants and renewable energy power plants from the power exchange and to transfer it to the sources of demand.
The boat stopped near Oi-do Island, where Shihwa Lake is visible, began its exploration by installing specially-made aluminum structures at sea for fine plastic sampling.
Although it is too early to jump to conclusions due to the lack of accurate research results, it is evident that fine plastic will cause serious problems if it is accumulated in the human body.
The researchers said in unison that such a method may be subject to benchmarking if it is known to micro-plastic exploration teams at home and abroad in the future.
The research team pulled up the structure after more than one ton of seawater flowed in about 13 minutes after installing it in the sea.
Distilled water will escape the sampling net and only suspended substances such as fine plastic will be left.
The amount of the collected fine plastics is difficult to be measured with the naked eyes, so the laboratory will check it analyzing it through FT-IR.
On the same day, the probe team of the Incheon Research Institute conducted sampling activities in five areas including three inland seas in front of the Incheon New Port and in the waters of Jawol-do Island and Deokjeok-do Island.
The Incheon Research Institute plans to carry out micro-plastic surveys four times a year in time for the timing of garbage pouring into the waters in front of Incheon from the mouth of the Yeseong-gang River of North Korea and the Han-gang River.
It is worrisome that waste reprocessing facilities will be built less than 2 kilometers from the apartment complex. What is worse, there are concerns that the building may become the pain in the pocket which may tarnish the city's image eventually after an accident took place.
Youth players have an environment where they can play soccer freely, and adult players can concentrate more on games.
A soccer club can continue to survive as long as players put their energy into every game and a virtuous circle of spectators paying for admission, in recognition of the value of the sweat shed by players, continues.
The regulation stipulates that, in case of violation, the club will be fined with 10 million won and the player in question will not be allowed to be registered as a player for two years from the day the violation was confirmed.
It is said that a  player who randomly bolted his or her team may apply for a return from the date when one year has elapsed from the date of the official public disclosure as a player who randomly bolted his or her team by the president.
It is stipulated that even if the status of a  player who randomly bolted his or her team  has been changed to a free agent player since then, the player cannot sign a contract with the team where the player belonged at that time of the public disclosure of the player as a  player who randomly bolted his or her team unless the required return period of the player in question has elapsed.
Then it is expected to be one of them since the Hanwha Eagles announced they would decide on the imposition of sanctions on Lee Yong-kyu (34) before the opening of the professional baseball league.
This is suitable as a point item for the styling of summer when it is prone to be bland as it is characterized by the simple and clear design with the application of rivet styles in a manual fashion, allowing users to feel luxurious at the same time.
Fourteen public transportation routes, including two main express bus lines (BRTs), operate 477 times a day at Osong Station, but KTX passengers are inconvenienced by the different locations of platforms for entry and exit  and by no options but to cross the road after they get off the public transportation.
The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety announced on 20th that it had inspected 48 famous confectionery companies and restaurants across the country from February 12 to March 6 and spotted 20 businesses that violated the Food Sanitation Act and the Livestock Product Hygiene Control Law.
The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety said it would require the local governments in charge to take administrative measures against them and that it would conduct a re-examination within three months to check whether they have improved the violations.
The local government will also overhaul road signs in front of elementary schools, before and after tunnels, around places which are at high risk of traffic accidents and at crosswalks along the entire loop.
The local government selected the areas, where children and the elderly walk a lot, as target areas including 30 crosswalks and two child protection zones on major roads in Ulleung County, including roads in front of Ulleung Elementary School, Jeodong Elementary School and in front of Ulleung High School.
The Jeju provincial government announced on 20th that it would issue victims' certificates and survivors' certificates to 79,557 survivors among the victims and their bereaved families determined under Article 3 of the 4-3 Special Act.
Applications will be received and certificates will be issued anytime from April 1. Those who reside in the island can apply to "eup," "myeon," and "dong" of the current address, those who reside outside the island to "eup," "myeon," and "dong" of the original residence which has jurisdiction over Jeju-do, and those who live overseas to the 4-3 Assistance Department of the Jeju Provincial Office respectively.
South Korea's national football team Kim Jung-min announces his determination for the upcoming friendly match prior to the training session at the national football team training center in Paju, Gyeonggi Province, on 20th.
College of Living Science, Chungnam National University held an opening ceremony in the afternoon on 20th to mark the completion of the Ottogi Ham Tae-ho High-end Cooking Lab with the presence of Oh Deok-seong, president of Chungnam National University, Ham Young-joon, president of the Ottogi Ham Tae-ho Foundation, and dean Park Kil-soon.
The high-tech cooking lab at College of Living Science, Chungnam National University  was established in 2009 when the college started construction, but improvement has been steadily called for due to the rather inefficient space layout.
This remodeling had the cooking room, the tasting room, and the preparation room in the laboratory separated completely, with the furniture such as cooking stands and fire facilities entirely replaced, which made the space for students to cook simultaneously increased by three to four times the previous space.
Founded in 1996 by the late honorary chairman Ham Tae-ho of Ottogi Corp. with his private donation, the Ottogi Ham Tae-ho Foundation offered scholarships of about 5.5 billion won to more than 830 students from 1997 and to  April last year.
The Kasan-ri area of Ibjang-myeon, Cheonan City, which is considered a candidate site, is located 7km from Bukcheonan IC of the Gyeongbu Expressway, , and people can arrive at the area in less than an hour from major cities by KTX, metropolitan subway and highway.
In particular, they stressed that Cheonan is the most ideal place as the city is not only equipped with sports infrastructure such as a soccer center and a general stadium, but also has pleasant residential conditions, including 11 universities, various kinds of companies, four general hospitals and 721 medical facilities.
After the review of relevant experts and the deliberation of the Cultural Heritage Committee, the maintenance of Wolseong moat was decided to be remodeled as a water-filled stone moat, which reflects its original functions to help the general public understand it.
The city will mold and preserve the remains of the moat through the maintenance project of Wolseong moat, and repair it as a water-filled moat on the molded ground.
Lee Jung-hyun was honored with the MVP award at the 2018-2019 season KBL Awards at the Grand Ballroom of the Grand Intercontinental Parnas Seoul  in southern Seoul on 20th.
Lee Jung-hyun played in 51 games this season and led KCC to the playoffs, averaging 17.22 points and 4.43 assists, and 3.06 rebounds per game.
Ra Gun-a, who returned to his previous team Hyundai Mobis this season, kept guard under the net with an average of 24.66 points and14.24 rebounds, playing a pivotal role of the team. 
The re-construction will begin with the 2nd Daecheon-gyo Bridge (Section 2), which has less impact on vehicle traffic, considering the situation where compensation consultations are still underway for some of the routes which are to be extended.
Protogather, a subsidiary-type standard business for the disabled of ProScom, has been successfully operated by hiring 26 disabled people, including the severely handicapped, who are assigned with tasks such as document shredding, soap manufacturing, and store operation as of the end of February.
The revised enforcement ordinance of the Childcare Allowance Act also passed a cabinet meeting, and a monthly allowance of 100,000 won will be paid to all children under the age of 6 regardless of their  family income or property from the next month.
Under the agreement, Korea Western Power will build power facilities including natural gas power facilities with a capacity of 1,000MW,  facilities for hydrogen fuel cells with a capacity of 150MW, and power facilities for solar energy with a capacity of 2MW from July 2022 to December 2025.
The city forecast that 85,000 jobs would be created annually through the construction of the power plant complex, which would affect the population inflow of 460 residents as well.
Viewers, who paid extra attention to relentless and snaky "Seong-hwan"  in the MBC drama "The Red Moon and the Blue Sun," which ended at the beginning of the year, would have never imagined that the actor to be a painter, or rather a fairly successful artist in the art world.
Kang Jung-ho, who has hardly played in the past two seasons due to a controversy over drunk driving, will start the opening game of the Major League (MLB) slated for 29th (Korea time).
After posting better-than-expected performance (0.287 BA and 15 homers) in his first season, he returned in the middle of the 2016 season from an injury and carried on with her outstanding performance with 21 homeruns in 103 games.
He joined the team only at the end of April last year after receiving a work visa, but only played six at-bats in three games at the end of the season due to his poor condition and recurrent injuries.
The club chose him because it is an advantage that the club did not have to pay him a considerable amount of money for a deposit under the circumstances where the club was not sure if he would be of real help to the team, and what is more, the club would only have to pay him for his performance and appearances like an incentive payment. 
For this reason, he asked for a trade because he believed that going to the left field and batting ninth, which was unfamiliar to him, would reduce his chances of getting good results, making it difficult for him to execute the options.
Actions subject to sanctions say that those found to be involved in drug and military service irregularities can be disqualified or suspended from their duties.
It means that Major League Baseball players will establish themselves as role models for society by first taking strong measures against illegal or unsavory actions by players.
The sixth-term Constitutional Court led by President Yoo Nam-seok is likely to come up with a more liberal decision than in the past, given that the justices remain unchanged until March 2023 if Judge Cho Yong-ho and Seo Ki-seok retire in April.
Senior Judge Lee received "the Stepping-stone Award for Women's Human Rights Guarantee" in February 2009 by sentencing him to prison, saying in the case of infant sexual assault, "It is an impulsive crime caused by alcohol and even if the accused agrees with the victim's parents, it is not a reason to overlook his sentence."
If Judge Cho Yong-ho and Seo Ki-seok resign in April, Judge Lee Sun-ae, whose term began in March 2017, will become the most "senior" judge in the order of the term.
Since Judge Lee's retirement is due in March 2023, the appointment of the two nominees will maintain the sixth-term Constitutional Court system without any change of judges for the next four years.
Since the eight judges, excluding Judge Lee Seok-tae, are the judiciary, many in and outside the legal circle have pointed out that judges with diverse backgrounds such as constitutional researchers, professors and prosecutors should be appointed.
Goldman Sachs, the world`s largest investment bank, said on 15th (Local time) that Korea`s current account surplus has a good chance to plunge this year, and to record the lowest level since 2011.
The system is structured for a nearby "Waygo Blue" taxi driver to accept a call after receiving a call from a passenger whose destination is hidden when a passenger calls a "Waygo Blue" taxi on the "Kakao T" application.
Ulsan City held an agreement ceremony with 11 civilian organizations and the Ulsan Chamber of Commerce to participate in planting 10 million trees at the Youth Plaza in Ulsan Grand Park on 21st.
The agreement was designed to bring about an atmosphere of civic participation for the success of "the 10 Million Tree Planting Campaign" which is pushed as part of the policies to reduce fine dust.
Some 600 citizens and civic organizations participated in the tree planting event to mark the 74th Arbor Day, planting 2,500 cypress trees on two hectares of land around San-138 Okdong, Nam-gu. 
In doing so, the government will establish a new regulation that exempts class-classification fees for games developed for hobby activities and pure creative activities by individual developers including youths.
Cyvex, which opened its flagship store in Cheongdam-dong, where global luxury and fashion brand stores converge, is determined to further solidify the image and value of its luxury baby products through the store.
In celebration of the flagship store's opening, Cyvex will offer a special gift to the customers who purchase a Sirona Q I-Size Plus car seat and the Priam or Myos stroller as a set.
Children are known to be vulnerable to a sharp decrease of immunity, and as a result, are likely to be exposed to various diseases such as cardiovascular and skin diseases as well as respiratory diseases such as colds, asthma and bronchitis, if exposed to fine dust for a long period of time.
Pogba, who had been sluggish in the early part of the season, scored four goals in his first three matches since Solshar took the helm and fired a signal of his revival.
The non-profit Washington Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics (CREW) submitted a nine-page petition to the Pentagon's inspector general's office on 13th.
Officials of the Daejeon City Party of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party and its Ulsan City Party hold a rally in front of the Daejeon Metropolitan Police Agency's rear gate in Dusan-dong, Seo-gu, Daejeon, in the afternoon on 21st to urge Hwang Un-ha, head of the Daejeon Police Agency (former head of the Ulsan Police Agency) to resign.
The provincial forest resources institute, which had conducted preliminary observation activities in the area last June 25, discovered dead trees and examined the samples, and declared the first infection on 14th.
First of all, the agency plans to conduct both air and ground observation in 10km radius around the outbreak area jointly with the monitoring headquarters of pine tree nematodes from  the Central Regional Forest Service and Korea Forestry Promotion Agency, and push for crushing infected trees and infection-suspected ones and other trees within 20-30m radius around the former by the end of this month.
The Foreign Ministry said 21st that the ministry ordered a South Korean man in his 30s to return his passport as he had joined the Kurdish militia YPG in Syria and  participated in the fight against the extremist militant group ISIS.
Article 19 of the Passport Act stipulates that the foreign minister can order the return of a passport" if one leaves the country and he or she is a person who is likely to be at high risk of infringing his or her life or the safety of his or her body due to terrorism."
The return of a passport must be made within 15 days after the receipt of the passport return order, and otherwise the passport will be nullified.
Attention is focusing on whether Park In-soo will be able to win his first regular league title by beating Moon Ho-joon, who has a double-digit winning record so far.
After the launch of the new industrial complex, the government plans to employ a series of personnel to carry out the new business plan as soon as it is finalized.
After Yang Dong-geun (Ulsan Hyundai Mobis) in the 2015-2016 season, Lee Jung-hyun will become the first MVP from a team, which has not won the league, in three seasons.
Lee Jung-hyun, Park Chan-hee (Incheon Electronics Land), Yang Hong-seok (Busan KT), Ham Ji-hoon (Hyundai Mobis), and Ra Gun-ah (Hyundai Mobis) were selected as the best players for each position, the Best 5 of this season.
Two laptops and 38 computers were set up in the new computer room and educational equipment such as desks, chairs and large screens for computers was donated, with a learning environment which makes IT classes conducted.
"The Beautiful Classroom" is a flagship global social contribution activity of Asiana Airlines, and ia a local-oriented program for which executives and employees directly visit the village to donate educational materials and conduct special classes.
North Korea intends to use Russia and China, which are playing an important role in sanctions against North Korea, as leverage in negotiations, as the recent negotiations between Pyongyang and Washington have hit a snag.
The North Korean delegation, including Vice Foreign Minister Lim Chun-il, also visited Moscow on 14th and met with Igor Morgulov, Lim's counterpart.
Last year, the city cut down the budget of the Sinbulsan cable car project to gather administrative capability over the maritime cable car project, but decided to review the project again in consideration of public opinions from local politicians and residents of Seo-Ulju.
It is analyzed that the deal is virtually as good as a life-long contract with Mike Trout as the agreement is known not to include an opt-out(an FA is acquired after the contract is nulled).
Although his team GS Caltex failed to get past the playoff threshold, he proved to be a strong superstar in a big game.
With South Chungcheong Province actively demanding the designation of an innovative city in South Chungcheong Province, some local governments have launched a signature-collecting campaign to be designated as an innovative city.
About 150 including Yang Seung-jo (As seen in the picture), governor of South Chungcheong Province, Lee Hae-chan, chairman of the ruling Minjoo Party of Korea, Sul Hoon, Lee Soo-jin and Lee Hyung-suk, and lawmakers from the province attended the meeting.
During the meeting, Governor Yang cited the designation of innovative cities in South Chungcheong Province and the relocation of public institutions as "regional issues that will need efforts from the political circle."
Hongseong County on 18th launched "a signature-collecting campaign for the designation of Naepo as an innovative city" calling for the designation of innovative cities and relocation of public institutions based in the Seoul metropolitan area.
The Cheongju KB Stars beat Yongin Samsung Life Insurance Co. to take a step closer to winning the inaugural championship and the unified championship this season by taking advantage of its physical strength.
In February last year, the company and Qualcomm decided to cooperate in producing chips for 5G network based on the 7-nano EUV process.
Market research firm Gartner expects the growth rate of the non-memory market to reach an annual average of 5% by 2022, five times the 1% annual growth forecast for the memory market.
As the functions of smartphones become diverse, it gets more complicated to use them and this makes more things to do with them. So the core of the development of OneUI was to help users use them  in as a simple way as possible.
On top of that, the government will impose a capital gains tax only on net profits by aggregating the gains and losses arising from the sale of domestic or overseas stocks on an yearly basis.
For example, if an investor earns 50 million won in profits from local stocks and lost 100 million won from overseas stocks, the investor is currently required to pay a transfer tax on the 50 million won earnings.
The center and FMKLabs have agreed to cooperate in researching and selling raw materials for health and beauty in the future.
The workshop was organized to strengthen the task capability by explaining the cases of screening decisions, the cases of Supreme Court rulings, education on working-level lawsuits, and attended by some 40 officials in charge of screening affairs in the province and the cities as the application for review of imposed taxes had been on the rise recently.
In the workshop, the officials in charge of screening tasks will solve their difficulties through education, related cases of determining tax judges, and explanation of Supreme Court cases and Q&A sessions, focusing on the issues that have high rates of non-compliance among the cases reviewed and approved by the Gyeongnam Provincial Tax Review Committee over the past five years.
On the other hand, South Gyeongsang Province is striving to strengthen the expertise of local tax officials by publishing "A Local Tax Review Case Book" containing the latest ruling cases and distributing it to the city and the county, and plans to continue to set up a forum for communication and exchange to enhance the expertise and capacity of tax officials.
The city expects the center to play a considerable role in establishing itself as a hub for production of eco-friendly future vehicles.
The city took part in a public offering project organized by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, achieving a satisfactory result to finally attract the center near the Hyundai Motor Joint Venture at the Bit-Green Industrial Complex in Gwangju.
Equipment for certification and evaluation includes nine types of equipment for the assessment of battery safety and seven types of equipment for the assessment of  collision and safety which assesses the explosion and damage caused by the collision of high-risk components such as eco-friendly cars and batteries.
Under the agreement, the city and LG Electronics will carry out tasks such as developing sensors and filters to improve air quality in schools and hospitals.
Even if Son is turned to the side, Lee Jae-sung and Lee Chung-yong are occupying the offensive midfielder positions most favored by Lee Kang-in.
Hwang Kyo-ahn, leader of the main opposition Liberty Korea Party, visits the graves of the 46 South Korean sailors of the Cheonan-ham Cruiser at Daejeon National Cemetery, Yooseonog-gu, Daejeon, in the morning on 22nd, marking the fourth  anniversary of the West Sea Defense Day, gazing at a gravestone.
Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon visit the graves of the 46 South Korean sailors of the Cheonan-ham Cruiser at Daejeon National Cemetery, Yooseonog-gu, Daejeon, in the morning on 22nd, marking the fourth  anniversary of the West Sea Defense Day, gazing at a gravestone.
Families of the victims are saddened at the graves of the 46 South Korean sailors of the Cheonan-ham Cruiser at Daejeon National Cemetery, Yooseonog-gu, Daejeon, in the morning on 22nd, marking the fourth  anniversary of the West Sea Defense Day.
Son scored the last goal of the A-match against Germany in the group stage of the World Cup in Russia, and under Bento's helm, he recently failed to score in seven consecutive A-match matches.
South Korea faced Bolivia twice first in the group stage of the 1994 U.S. World Cup and a friendly match in Austria in June last year, with all tied 0-0 without scoring.
In fact, a pilot experiences more than six times the gravity of his or her own weight (6G) but, with the training equipment introduced in the JAM, one can experience a gravity equal to two G, double the weight of his or her own.
At 2 p.m. on the same day, the city held a ceremony marking "World Water Day" at the Gulhwa Water Quality Improvement Center at Bumpseo-eup, Ulju-gun, with some 500 people, including Deputy Mayor for Economy Song Byung-ki, environmental groups and related agencies, and engaged in environmental cleanup activities at Taehwa-gang River and Gulhacheon.
In March, the Jung-gu Office will carry out clean-up activities and eliminate ecosystem-disturbing exotic plants in four rivers, including the Taehwa-gang River, and the Nam-gu Office will conduct environmental cleanup activities with about 100 employers from the companies which participate in "One Company for One River Campaign' in Yeocheon Stream, Shinjeong-dong, at the end of March.
Ulju County held a ceremony to celebrate the World Water Day in Deoksin-dong, Onsan-eup,  spread water purification tablets in the water and engaged in a campaign to water saving on 21st.
The winning work selected through screening will be presented in a time-limited mode that "Port night" players around the world can enjoy.
Aside from the contest, Epic Games also added a "Creative Recommendation" function to the game, which it recommends for "Port night" players to enjoy after a review by Epic Games if one submits a game he or she made with "Pocry."
Not only is there a 'grapefruit' in our language, but there are quite a few homonyms in fruit names 'such as apple, mango, grape, and watermelon' in Korean pronunciation.
Hanwha explained that it had decided when and how Lee Yong-kyu, who had signed a free agent contract, requested the trade, was "an act that seriously undermined not only the order and discipline of the team but also the dignity of the entire professional baseball team."
Hanwha announced that the club held a disciplinary committee on 21st and decided on the indefinite suspension from the participation in the team's activities, the highest level of disciplinary action imposed by the team itself, to prevent the recurrence of such similar acts in the future.
At the 100th National Winter Sports Festival (Winter Sports Festival) held recently, the students of "Master Class" at Seonhak International Ice Rink in Incheon proudly harvested the medal, making it a big base for Incheon to achieve its best performance in history.
Having taken the newly opened "Master Class" since last year at Seonhak International Ice Rink, the environment in which he was able to exercise under a good leader, with sleeping and learning rights guaranteed, is viewed as the key to his good performance.
Hanwha decided when and how Lee Yong-kyu, who had signed a free agent contract, requested the trade, was "an act that seriously undermined not only the order and discipline of the team but also the dignity of the entire professional baseball team."
After carefully reviewing the case in various ways, Hanwha held a disciplinary committee on 21st and decided on the indefinite suspension from the participation in the team's activities, the highest level of disciplinary action imposed by the team itself, to prevent the recurrence of such similar acts in the future.
Meanwhile, Lee first asked for a trade through a meeting with manager Han Yong-duk, and asked the club for a meeting on Saturday evening, where he again demanded a trade.
To take an example of a daycare center state-run or public, daycare centers account for  8% nationwide, but only 0.2% of those are run directly by the government or local governments.
Industry sources view that Samsung Electronics will further solidify its dominance in premium memory technology as it develops the world's first 3-generation 10-nano D-RAM.
A 3D scanner room, a lab and a conference room will be installed in the research center, while a pilot plant center will have a 3D printing equipment room, a laboratory and a post-processing room.
In addition to these research centers, a 3D printing venture-intensive knowledge-industry center and a 3D printing quality assessment center for commercializing materials will nestle at Ulsan Techno Industrial Complex from the next year.
Mayor Huh explained that he focused on assessing how much the new baseball stadium could affect the revitalization of the old downtown and the balanced regional development.
The reason is that the site is not only large enough to accommodate a 22,000-seat baseball stadium, but also has high business feasibility as the opening of the city rail line 2 in 2025 will make easier to have access to public transportation.
The city plans to complete the administrative procedures, including a feasibility study, by the end of next year and to push for design and construction by 2021 to complete the baseball stadium by 2025.
Visitors experience nature in the Nature Space through plants such as flowers and trees, while the Adventure Space will be decorated as a space that uses topography and natural elements to induce active physical movements.
Hanwha Life Insurance President Yeo Seung-joo, Hanwha Insurance CEO Park Yoon-sik, Hanwha Investment & Securities CEO Kwon Hee-baek and Hanwha Asset Management CEO Kim Yong-hyun attended the conference.
The company signed a contract for technology export with Switzerland's Arvel Therapheutics for commercialization in Europe in February of this year, and started to prepare to enter Asia by conducting clinical experiments for Japanese patients last year.
Through this project, the office installed a cofferdam facility in the area of Daegwallyeong-myeon, Pyeongchang-gun, Gangwon Province, and provided a shelter for animals with trees planted. 
Hyundai Capital, which created a 14-10 match point with Shin's serve ace, earned its first match for official league champion Korean Air with Jeon Kwang-in scoring the last.
Israel took the Golan Heights from Syria in 1967, 52 years ago, in the 3rd Middle East War, well known as "the Six-day War," and has occupied it so far.
Israel and Syria once held negotiations to solve the Golan Heights issue, but it has been suspended since the Syrian civil war broke out in 2011.
The U.N. Security Council once  urged Israel to withdraw its troops from the occupied areas, including the Golan Heights, through Resolution 242 in 1967, shortly after the 3rd Middle East War.
Trump's earlier sudden declaration in December 2017 that he would officially recognize Jerusalem as the Israeli capital was also criticized for ignoring international law.
The U.N. divided the Palestinian territories in 1947 and established an Arab state and a Jewish state, classifying Jerusalem as a land that does not belong to either.
According to the Washington Post, Trump reportedly made remarks recognizing the Golan Heights to help Netanyahu's general elections despite some opposition opinions within the administration.

U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeio, who is on a visit to Israel, visited the "the Wailing Wall," a Jewish holy place in Jerusalem, along with Prime Minister Netanyahu and U.S. Ambassador to Israel David Friedman.
His illustration caught considerable attention as it was the first work of CEO Chung, who is famous for being art director of "NCSoft Lineage 2 Art Designer," in his name in 14 years.
It is the content of a column by Pittsburgh Post Gazette reporter Ron Cook in April last year that Kang should not return to Pittsburgh.
Governor Lee Jae-myung expressed his sincere apology to his youngest brother, who is a witness to the court because of him in a lengthy post on his Facebook account on 22nd titled "My brother writes Korean and surfs the Internet," 
Governor Lee Jae-myung claims that his brother was already a suspected mental patient in 2012, and that he had taken psychiatric drugs in 2002, while prosecutors have answered that he had been mentally ill since 2013.
According to the second commandment of the Ten Commandments, Michelangelo painted God as an ideal human being based on the Bible (Genesis 1:27) that He created man in the form of God though nobody was allowed to paint the image of God (Exodus 20:04), nor did anybody see the face of God (Exodus 33:20).
This picture by Michelangelo may have inspired Spielberg for the film's famous scene, the encounter between an alien and a boy.
Rangers, Faytal, VSG (346 points) and OGN Enthus Force (341 points), who ranked first through fourth in the latest phase, have qualified for the Korean regional delegation to the "Face It Global Summit: PUBG Classic" in London in April.
The Youth Gugak Orchestra, which consists of 71 youths, is comprised of ten parts: Gayageum, Geomungo, Haegeum, Ajaeng, Daegeum, Piri, Salt and Taipingso.
From now on, the Youth Gugak Orchestra will participate in regular practice with guidance instructors by instrument, vacation camps and concerts every Saturday from March to December.
Hoseo University's Future Human Resources Development Center will operate various programs, setting goals for each level and even providing guidance to the students selected through the evaluation of performance of excellence every semester.
Among freshmen applicants, those with excellent high school grades will be selected through interviews without a test, and TOEIC-oriented programs will be operated separately.
Deputy Governor Gravowski and his company, who visited South Chungcheong Province on 21st, paid a visit to the Nonsan Strawberry Festival, the Independence Hall of Cheonan, the Yoo Gwan-soon Memorial Hall, the Asan Eco-friendly Energy Town, and the Taean Cheollipo Botanic Garden in Taean one after another.
Since signing a sisterhood relationship with South Chungcheong Province in 2002, the two countries have been engaged in exchange activities such as mutual tour concerts,  science and technology, and participation in various events.
The case erupted when Kim Tae-woo, a former special inspector at the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae, revealed in December last year that he had received a blacklist in the inspection office of the environment minister.
There is no reason for former minister Kim, who witnessed the explosive scandal of blacklist committed by the former regime, to lead the blacklisting, being ready for punishment.  to punish the former administration.
Lescape Hotel of Shinsegae Chosun Hotel' has 14 guest rooms on the ninth floor dedicated to pet dogs only and provides accommodation services for dogs and owners.
Sheraton Seoul's Palace Gangnam Hotel and Fraser Place Central launched the "Chokchokha-Gae (Dog) Package" and the "New Bow Bow Package," respectively, a service that allows the guests to enjoy a picnic at the hotel with their dogs.
The Queensland state government of Australia agreed with the Korea Industrial Resources Corp. on 21st to extend a business agreement signed in May 2016 to support young Koreans entering overseas markets.
The signing ceremony was attended by 14 officials, including Shannon Fentiman, minister of employment and small and medium-sized enterprises at the Queensland state government in Australia, and Kim Dong-man, chairman of the Korea Industrial Resources Corp.
Extending the agreement based on these achievements, both parties agreed to expand the scope of cooperation by adding educational programs for various vocations.
Starting with fresh nectar made with directly farming peaches, CEO Yeon gained huge popularity among consumers by utilizing a wide range of marketing strategies such as consumer direct trading and blogs for various products such as apple juice and mulberry juice.
Ko Jin-young picked up the trophy by one stroke, beating the co-runner-up group (a 21 under 267) including Jessica Korda of the U.S. by one stroke with a 22-under 266.
Nelly Korda's accumulated prize money as of this tournament for the 2019 season is about $470,000, while Ko's is about $450,000.
On the same day, the Busan Metropolitan Police Agency discussed with representatives of Shanghai's public security bureau how to share information on the overall security work, including the protection of overseas Koreans, and cooperation in the high-tech security sector.
The visit by the Shanghai Municipal Public Security Bureau marks the seventh of its kind since the signing of a business agreement in 1996 and the first in five years since 2014.
Sparrows are sunk under yellow lilies and enjoy the spring as yellow lilies bloomed on the wall of an apartment complex in Seoshin-dong, Wansan-gu, North Jeolla Province, on 25th, following the clear weather.
The Ministry of Environment predicted that fine dust levels would be high due to stagnant air in the morning and the inflow from foreign countries such as China in the afternoon.
Although the environment was bad to drive after rain poured and stopped repeatedly on the day of test-drive, it did not pose a problem for driving in Volvo, which puts the best emphasis on "safety."
The new Cross-country is a combination of a series four-cylinder T5 turbocharger gasoline engine and eight-speed automatic gear-tronic transmission, with the power of a maximum output of 254HP and a maximum torque of 35.7㎏·m.
KPIH Anmyeondo announced in a business proposal, "We will invest 300 billion won in the Anmyeondo Tourism District 3 (544,924㎡) and build a luxury accommodation facility with 1,253 guest rooms by 2025.
At present, a majority of countries around the world are seeking to improve laws and systems on the utilization and protection of their data through social discussions.
Apex Legend is a hot-selling game whose accumulated users surpassed 25 million with two million simultaneous users in just one week after its release on 5th of the last month, making it one of the most popular attractions in game broadcasting such as 'Twitch.'
Epic Games' Battle Royale global box-office hit "Fortnight" made a belated foray into South Korea's PC market in the second half of last year, but it struggled with its share being in the 40th or so before falling to 70th to 100th place.
NC's Lineage M and Perl Abyss' Black Desert Mobile surpassed 5 million users  respectively, almost monopolizing the top-selling service for more than a year.
Prior to this, Nexon released RPG (Role Playing Game) Lin: The Lightbringer on 15th and achieved fourth place in sales of Google Play and Apple's App Store as of 21st.
Although it is still only an early result, if Traha succeeds in sales, a series of achievements of the new releases in the first half can be expected.
Autochess is a turn-based strategic game that uses Dota 2's hero characters to fight on a chessboard in a mode developed by China's Geojodada Studio.
Since its release, Autochess has been well received by collecting about 300,000 "five stars" in the STIM community and has also featured as diverse related contents as the main game on its game streaming broadcasting platform "Switch."
Yang Hak-seon won the gold medal in the men's final round of World Cup vaulting in each FIG event at Aspire Dome in Doha, Qatar, on 23rd, averaging 15.266 points in the first and second attempts.
As Yang Hak-seon succeeded in resurgence to the full, the possibility of a joint gold medal for Korean men and women in the Tokyo World Cup vault is also swelling.
According to Japan's NHK, Kim, who is in charge of protocol affairs at Chairman Kim's side, wrapped up his five-day trip to Moscow on 23rd (Local time) and headed to Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport.
If Chairman Kim and Russian President Vladimir Putin attend the forum, a series of a three-way summit among North Korea, China, and Russia,  a two-way summit between North Korea and China, and another between North Korea and Russia could be held in Beijing.
Two major sects, Sunni and Shia Islam are still hostile to each other, and the political environment in the Middle East, West Africa and Afghanistan, where ISIS has been very active, is still unstable.
Netmarble, which ranks second in the industry, is planning to release a game called 'BTS World' that utilizes videos and pictorials of BTS, a global idol group, in the first half of this year.
Sisoko moved with 30 million pounds (about 44.1 billion won), the highest transfer fee ever for Tottenham, on the last day of the 2016-2017 summer transfer market, breaking the record of Tottenham's transfer fee.
Gapyeong County, Gyeonggi Province, where forests account for about 82% of the total area, announced on 25th that it would invest about 5 billion won to create a pleasant and healthy forest environment.
It is time for both coaches and players to strive together to help young players grow and make up for Ki's absence in a smooth way and to help Bento's build-up football  find itself balanced.
About 10 pastors belonging to the Korean Presbyterian Church of Christ, affiliated with the Cheongichong, the Christian Korean God Church, the Christian Korean Methodist Church, and the Korea Jesus Sacred Church sent a contents-certification to "Shincheonji" on 21st, requesting an open debate based on 11 topics.
Predicting retirement at the end of this season, he has been showing off his vigorous aged skills, breaking 30,000 points for the sixth time among NBA players in recent years.
Lee Yong-kyu, who signed a free agent contract and went to the spring camp for training, called for a transfer to another team just a week before the regular season starts.
The demonstration center will be in charge of "developing technologies for localization of hydrogen vehicles and electric vehicles" by 2021, and will also take charge of demonstrating hydrogen chargers, high-pressure containers, safety management systems and high-voltage components, which are major charging station facilities.
This year, the government will drastically increase subsidies and expand the number of charging stations for hydrogen cars 11 stations in order to open the era of 25,000 electric and hydrogen vehicles by 2022.
According to D-RAM Exchange ,a market research company, the average fixed price of 8GB DDR4 D-RAM fell to $6, 17.2% drop in comparison with that of the previous month, while additional 14.5% fell further to $5.13 in February.
Besides, important factors in the recovery of semiconductor business are how fast new growth businesses such as 5G, AI (Artificial Intelligence), data centers, and semiconductors for vehicles can be concretized. 
Regarding the announcement of such extraordinary measures, some in the market think that the they may be precautionary ones to minimize the impact of the earning shock.
The city plans to purchase this site and a private land of 3,700㎡ surrounding it by next year to build a traditional Korean house (83.5㎡) and a literature museum (650㎡).
Asiana Airlines' stock is being traded at 3,445 won on the KOSPI as of 10:41 a.m., 595 won (14.73%) from the previous trading day's close of 4,040 won.
The listing of corporate bonds, which were declared "negative opinion," "limited opinion" and "no opinion" by the auditing of financial statements for the fiscal year in the securities market listing regulations, will be abolished.
Yang Seung-jo, governor of South Chungcheong Province, Huh Tae-jung, Mayor of Dae, Lee Choon-hee, Mayor of Sejong, and North Chungcheong Province Governor Lee Si-jong issued a joint proposal of the Chungcheong region  at Daejeon City Hall on 26th regarding the establishment of a stop station of the "Pyeongtaek - Osong 4-Track Line" in Cheonan and the hosting of the Korea Football Center in Cheonan.
The research team of POSTECH has paved the way for mass production of thermoelements, whose mass production was not easy, by taking advantage of the existing semiconductor process and using eco-friendly silicon materials.
POSTECH made an announcement on 26th that its research team led by Professor Baek Chang-ki of the Department of Creative IT Convergence Engineering succeeded in implementing the high-performance thermoelements of silicon nanowire that convert waste heat energy into electrical energy with the use of semiconductor processes.
The research team developed semiconductor process technology that controls phonon transfer (heat transfer) of silicon nanowires for the first time in the world and succeeded in reducing the degree of thermal conductivity to one-fifteenth in comparison with that of current bulk silicon.
Lee Jung-hyun (Jeonju KCC), Kim Si-rae (Changwon LG), Lee Seung-hyun (Goyang Orion), and Yang Hong-seok (Busan KT), who are showing outstanding performances in the early stages of the pro basketball PO this season, are key players of their own team.
Besides, the three Orion forwards including Choi Jin-soo (18 points) and Heo Il-young (12 points), all scored double-digit points, turning the series to the starting point.
Considering that Yang Hong-seok tried four 3-pointers and hit two, it can be guessed that the success rate of the other players has dropped.
The City of Cheongju, North Chungcheong Province, announced on 26th that it would hold a ceremony to declare " the 2019 Korea Book Fair - The City of Books" and "the 22nd Cheongju Reads Books" at the plaza in front of the former Cheongju History Exhibition Hall at 2 p.m. on 27.
The flagship books for "the 22nd Cheongju Reads Books" were selected: Yoo Hyun-joon's "Where to Live" (general category), Hwang Young-mi's "Cherry Shrimps: It's a Secretary Text" (youth category), and Lee Kyu-hee's "Haeju, A Fighter for Independence" (child category).
To create a boom for reading books, the city has formed a committee since 2006 to select books which represent Cheongju City twice, one in the first half and the other in the second half, every year.
Israeli forces carried out air strikes across the Gaza Strip in response to Palestinian surprise rocket attacks, and tensions have been running high in the region, with troops and rocket defense systems being strengthened in preparation for a new clash with Palestinian Islamist group Hamas.
Lim Sung-jae will qualify for the Masters, the first major of the season, if he enters the top 50 in the world rankings as of April 1.
The Korea Volleyball Federation (KOVO) announced on 25th that the second round of the men's championship matches between Korean Air and Hyundai Capital, which was held at 2 p.m. on 24th, recorded the highest viewership on the day, with 2.19% (on the basis of cable).
The result is more regrettable considering that new players such as Kyle Kuzma and Lonjo Ball around James played hard and ranked fourth in the West in the mid-season.

Oh Seung-hwan, of the Colorado Rockies, appeared at the risk of base 1 and 2, in the end of #8회말 1사# when the team was aheaded at the game with the Arizona Diamondbacks, and blocked the 0.2 inning, without any losses.
We have harvested the 20th hold of the season, and have reached the besting option (the right to run automatically if certain requirements are met) of the 2019 seasoning by 돌파하다ing the 70th game.
Oh Seung-hwan appeared as the team's third pitcher of the Arizona Diamondbacks, the major league held at Chase Field in Phoenix, well-blocked the 2/3 inning, 3 strikeouts without any losses. 
Oh seung-hwan, who has not allowed a run in four consecutive games since the Los Angeles Dodgers on the 8th, lowered his ERA for the season from 2.76 to 2.73.

Oh Seung-hwan, whose contract was automatically extended for the 2019 season due to his appearance on the same day, will be guaranteed an annual salary of 2.5 million U.S. dollars next season.

Real Madrid President Florentino Perez has publicly expressed opposition the Spanish Primera Liga league's plan to host the match in the United States.

Recently, the Primera Liga League has been embroiled in controversy, announcing its plan to hold some games in the U.S. each season, at the beginning of the season.

In a lecture in May, KBO President Chung Un-chan once hinted at his willingness to introduce a 'salary cap' and a 'luxury tax' to address the salary imbalance in the KBO league.

In case of MLB this year, if the total annual salary of a 40-member roaster exceeds $197 million, 17.5 percent of the excess will have to be paid to the secretariat.

If a player's annual salary is limited, and the team is subject to luxury taxes, it can prevent a certain amount of 'Random FA' hits, and prevent a certain team from attracting good players.

On this day, Woods was the lone lead with 12-under 198 through the third round, and finished with a 1-over 71 with two birdies and three bogeys in the final fourth round.

There have been a series of concerns among people that they will not be able to make a comeback due to the several back surgeries, and private scandals such as numerous sex scandals and divorce.

The items include household items and consumer goods such as furniture, home appliances, food and clothing, which are expected to cause a considerable damage to the U.S. consumers and Chinese companies.

The U.S. previously imposed 25 percent tariffs on $50 billion worth of Chinese imports on two occasions, in July and last month.

President Trump said he will raise tariffs to 25 percent on $200 billion worth of Chinese products from January 1st, next year.

After the Trump administration decided to implement $200 billion worth of tariffs, China reportedly canceled the trade negotiations between Steven Mnuchin, a U.S. Treasury Secretary and Liu He, a Chinese Deputy Prime Minister for Economic Affairs, which was scheduled to be held from May 27th to 28th.

The car hit two people, including a 22-year-old man who was standing to cross the crosswalk, crashed into the wall of a gas station, and stopped.

Didi Gregorius, a shortstop of Newyork Yankees, who was recently injured during a slide and was uncertain about his return, has expressed his willingness to return.
Despite apparent backlashes are expected, the KBO's move to limit salary of players is tantamount to watering down the criticisms.

Otani started as the third designated hitter against the Texas Rangers of the U.S. Major League Baseball at Anaheim Angels Stadium in California on 25th(Korea time).

Edgar led his team to a 5-2 victory with two goals and one assist in an away match against Sangju in the 29th round of the 2018 K League1 held by KEB Hana Bank at Sangju Folk Stadium on 22nd.

The U.S., along with the U.N., concluded that Myanmar's government forces commited premeditated and systematic atrocities against the Rohingya Muslim minority in the country.

The report, which has yet to be officially released, was written based on interviews with 1,024 Rohingya refugees who have defected to Bangladeshi refugee camps to avoid attacks of the Myanmar's military.

Based on the findings, the U.N. fact-finding team urged to take the Myanmar's top military commander Min Aung Hulling to the court.

Rumors of a disagreement with coach Muriyue over tactical issues are not going away, and the rumors are not only that he is returning to Juventus, but also to be moving to Barcelona. 

It was the bigger shock for them that they could not get the 3 winning scores since it was a poor performance in front of the former director Alex Ferguson, who visited the stadium after a long time, and the Wolverhampton was a winning team.
Mourinho says that Fogba is not a player who can represent the team as a captain, and that no one can be greater than the team.

In addition, the two countries held bilateral talks with the 9 patent offices, intellectual property offices, etc., including the European Patent Office(EPO), the European Intellectual Property Office(EUIPO), the U.K., Canada, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and Sweden.

Following last year, this year will also have a forum for international discussions on attaining greenhouse gas and fine dust reduction, and transitions to eco-friendly energy of decolonized coal.

South Chungcheong Province said on 26th that it will hold the '2018 International Conference on Decolonized Coal Environment-friendly Energy Transition' at Lotte Resort Buyeo, from 1st to 2nd next month.

The conference will be attended by about 200 domestic and foreign figures, including Yang Seung-jo, Governor of the Chungnam, Yoo Byung-kook, chairman of the South Chungcheong Provincial Council, Kim Jung-wook, President of the Green Growth Committee, Environment Minister Kim Eun-kyung, Nick Meta, Deputy Ambassador of the British Council in Korea, and Jennifer Lee, secretary general of the Morgan Greenpeace.

On the first day of the event, experts of both domestic and foreign environment will attend a conference called Academic Conference for domestic and foreign issues and public discussions on coal-free eco-friendly energy conversion.

At the meeting, Greenpeace, the Korean Federation for Environmental Movement and Climate Solutions and others will discuss the Joint Symposium of Local Governments and Citizen Communities for Local Energy Conversion, and the National Network for Regional Energy Transformation and Seoul National University Asia City Center will debate on Coal-free and Just Energy Conversion, respectively.

The double opening ceremony will include the Joint Declaration for Coal-free and Just Energy Conversion, by the Ministry of Environment and four cities and provinces, South Chungcheong Province's first declaration of membership in Asia's Coal-free Alliance, a special speech by Secretary-General of the Morgan Greenpeace, and a keynote speech by Kim Jung-wook, chairman of the Green Growth Committee.

The vice president Woodward's remarks on the 25th shareholders' meeting, which was broadcasted on the soccer professional media 'Goal.com', made this clearer.

Mourinho, who has been in the midst of an unsettled team atmosphere, has indirectly expressed his position.

Mourinho is likely to continue his term until this season, given the vice-president Woodward's remarks.

As for the main contents of the annual revenue, the general account increased by 6.8 billion won, positive fund balance of 22.3 billion won, and 1 billion won for the adjustment grant, and special accounts decreased by 800 million won due to the change of the government expense.

The amendment extends the tariff for Korean trucks(pickup trucks), which was scheduled to be abolished on January 1st, 2021, that is the 10th year of the Korea-US FTA, by 20 years.

In the case of the US-made automobiles imported by South Korea, if the company complies with American automobile safety standards up to 25,000 vehicles per year, it is regarded as meeting the Korean automobile safety standards, which was increased to 50,000.

The system is designed to raise the value of new drugs, which contribute to the improvement of domestic health care, but the United States raised the issue of being discriminatory measures.

As Tiger Woods rises to the 80th place on the US PGA Tour ahead of the start of the Ryder Cup, the US team's morale is also on the rise.

Woods selected himself as well as Sam Snead, Jack Nicklaus, and Bobby Jones, for the question 'who do you think is a golfer to be name-carved in Mount Rushmore?' 

It is also a focus to watch how Woods will make up for the fact that he did not play well in the Ryder Cup, not consorting with the title as a king of golf so far. 

The commemorative ceremony, which will be hosted by Cheonan City and the Yoo Kwan Soon Association, is attended by more than 1,000 people including Deputy Director of Shim Deok-Seob, a Vice President of the National Veterans Administration, and personnels of each field, Chief of the Momument Project, citizens and students.

The ceremony will be held with memorials, wreaths, incense, recitation of memorials, and introduction of the Yoo Gwan-soon song.

He was arrested on April 1st, 1919, leading to the independence movement of his father, as well as to convey the news of Seoul's aggression campaigns in the nearby churches and schools of the Cheonan.

She sacrificed her life after being tortured for the indepenence movement in prison at the age of 18 on September 28th, 1920.

Oh Seung-hwan, on the 27th(Korea time), appeared in the early of 8th when the team was aheaded by 10-0 at the home match with the Philadelphia Fillis, and perfectly blocked 1 inning, with no hit, no four-balls and no losses.

This game is even more important not only to Ryu Hyun-jin, but to his team Dodgers that is competing against the Colorado Rockies for the top spot on the planet.

Yoo, the new Director, who was recommended multiple times through the executive recommendation committee on April 27th, was named after the board of directors' decision on July 13th.

In particular, the new Director Yoo has served at KEB Hana Bank for more than 30 years, and has served in key posts such as the head of sales in North Chungcheong Province and the head of Daejeon Central Sales, and is said to be well versed in related duties.

She is known to give the award for her performance, including winning a silver medal at the 2018 PyeongChang Olympics, where the women's curling team competed.

Eidusen said it will jointly carry out an industry-academic cooperation project with undergraduates of Yonsei University's Department of Living Design from July to September 2018 to develop a new model for indoor heating tents.

Eidusen is a leading company that specializes in living out doors, which has a flagship brand called Tasumi Nanbang Tent and Fast Camp One Touch Tent, and currently has the largest number of registered source technologies for patent office in Korea's heating and one-touch Tents.

As part of technological improvement and innovation, Eidusen has carried out this project, and with the final goal of commercializing the individual ideas of the undergraduates of the Department of Living Design, the design team in the company and Yonsei University are currently working together to develop the design.

LeBron James, who left the Cleveland Cavaliers last off-season to join the Los Angeles Lakers, has expressed his thoughts about the new team.

James joined Miami in 2010 through 'The Decision' and has experienced two NBA titles with Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosh.

Bohl, who underwent knee surgery in July, is currently participating in all training sessions, except for around 5-5 practice matches.

After the center's completion, it will establish the Innovation City Development Foundation(tentative name), an organization that controls the entire project of innovative cities, to plan, coordinate, and execute key tasks of season 2 of innovative cities, and to function as information center overseas.

The city aims to complete the service by February next year, finalize the proper size of the center, complete the construction by 2021.

The Hana Financial Management Institute estimated in a recent report that if the U.S. were slapped with 25 percent tariffs on imported cars, the price of South Korean-made cars' exports to the U.S. would rise 9.9 percent to 12.0 percent.

The North Jeolla Provincial Gugak Center will stage the epic music play 'A Thousand Years in the Land of Macs in Korea' twice on October 11th and 18th.

The researchers explored up to 100 meters deep off the coast of Seogwipo and Beomseom, Jeju Island, three times from May to this month.

The discovery is expected to help research on how shrimp species and vampire species interact, and coexist with their habitats, Hochorisanal and Badaenari.

The unified judo team defeated Germany to win the bronze medal in the third-place final of the mixed team event at the 2018 World Judo Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan, on 27th(Korea time).

Ryu Hyun-jin, who has been away for a long time due to a groin injury, is turning into a 'fall monster' in the second half and serving as the team's savior.

The injury nightmare that had continued for the past two years seemed to be reenacted, and even after his return to the big league last month, there were many doubts about his performance.

With all the schedules open, including the Christmas game, teams are holding media day events and expressing their determinations to play in the new season.

Golden State, which has won three of the past four seasons and two consecutive recent seasons, even hired the All-Star-class center Demacus Cursons, who can shoot three runs this season.

With scoring-heavy players such as Stephen Curry, Clay Thompson, and Kevin Durant, all five of the starting lineup have been filled with the All-Star players.

Including James(four times), Curry(two times), Duck Novitzki, Derek Rose, Durant, Russell Westbrook, and James Harden(one more time) are the main characters.

Despite his tall height, Durant, who presents a long shot distance, soft ball handling and flexible crossover moves, is considered the best scorer.

The number of students at Jusung Elementary School is five times bigger than that of Sannam Elementary School(1037 people), which opened in 2007 in the Sannam district of Cheongju, where courts, prosecutors' office and education support office are located.

Jusung Elementary School, located in Yeongdong, Sangdang-gu, Cheongju's representative old town center, is a section shows the decline of old city and the severity of local population cliffs due to the phenomenon of hollowing out the city.

Most of these schools, which boast history and tradition, are located in the old city, and seeing a decline in the number of students due to the rapid decline in the school age population.

In fact, the number of students in these schools 30 years ago(1988) was 23,717, but now the number of students dropped 72 percent to 6,687 as of April.

Local governments, including the city of Cheongju, are working on urban regeneration projects to revitalize the old city center as part of their efforts to prevent a possible population cliff.

Yamsam announced that it signed an agreement with Shinhan Bank on co-prosperity cooperation at the company's headquarters in Yeongdeungpo on Tuesday with the aim of providing financial support for prospective franchise owners of its gimbap franchise "Yamseam Gimbap."

The port sales in Catholic Kwandong Univ. professor will announce the ‘role of the economy and the inter-Korean economic cooperation and donghaeang sinbukppang’, donghae gangdarwon, Gangwon Province and Regional Maritime Affairs & Fisheries Office, respectively.‘ Status and 3-stage Development Corporation donghaeang’ and ‘Gangwon Province Shipping and Logistics Policy’.

The city, based on this port sale, plans to attract new container cargo and container shipping to transform it into a clean port, and develop as a stronghold of the logistics eschange between the two Koreas, together with the relevant organizations.
Colorado, which has won seven games in a row, recorded 89 wins and 70 losses, maintaining its sole lead in the NL Western, by one game ahead of the Los Angeles Dodgers.

The pitching staff also stabilized with ace Kyle Freeland(16 wins, 7 losses and 2.84), who is the most impressive pitcher in Colorado since Ubaldo Jimenez, along with a powerful batter backed by the Coors field.

The background is that Eom, the former president, and Shim, the former representative, have outstanding achievements and reputations in their contribution to the society for national security and corporate innovation, respectively.

Osan University expects to greatly contribute to the development of departments and professional personnel by instructing expertise knowledges to students of Osan University's navy technical non-commissioned officer(course) and Beauty Care Cosmetics departments based on the outstanding experience and human network built by Eom, the former president, and Shim, the former representative, as chair professors.

It is a scene that both the club and the fans would never want to see that they give up all three consecutive games on their home turf, and hand over the Dodgers the earth title.

It was a powerful performance reminiscent of his team's victory against the St. Louis Cardinals in Game 3 of the NL Championship Series in 2013 when the team was on the verge of being cut by the 0-2 series.

Although he ranks second behind the Milwaukee Brewers in the wild card competition, chances are high that Rich Hill (10 wins, 5 losses and 3.87), not ace Clayton Kershaw(9 wins, 5 losses and 2.53), will take the mound in the WC singles match.

During the investor relations session, the city will invite CEOs of some 100 companies nationwide representing the nation's water industry to explain the state water industry cluster's incubation policy, and plans to sell water companies in business complexes.

In 2013, the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries revised the Enforcement Rules of the Law on Conservation and Management of the Marine Ecosystem, designating the southern dolphin of Jeju Island as a 'protected marine life'.

The cooperative set up by residents of nearby villages is expected to benefit the residents in the area around the conservation lake as the project is driven by residents with 40 percent stake in the business.

The winners will be Joo Kang-sik(70) in the love interest category, Park Chang-ha(62) in the service category, Kang Bok-deuk(55), and Joo Hye-jeong(50) in the work category, who will present awards at the opening ceremony of the Sasang Lifelong Learning and Residents Self-governing Fair on May 5.

Students from Nazareth University(President Lim Seung-an) in Cheonan, South Chungcheong Province, visit the Daejeon National Cemetery in the Friday morning, ahead of Armed Forces Day on Oct. 1, and do volunteer work to clean up the environment after paying tribute to the Order of Nationality.

North Jeolla Province said on 28th that it plans to complete the center before 2023, when the Jamboree Games will be held, and use it as its operational headquarter during the competition.

If viewers who like entertainment programs watch certain entertainment programs, other entertainment programs that other viewers with similar tastes watch appear on the home screens.

Veteran pitcher Bong Joong-keun(38) of the LG Twins in the professional baseball league has recreated a checkout move that stunned Ichiro Suzuki(45), a Japanese baseball hero, in his retirement pitch.

Other large retailers such as Shinsegae Department Store, Hyundai Department Store, E-Mart, and Homeplus also had slightly different rankings, but the strong performance of imported fruits was the same.

The new book, 'Dialogue with the Enemy', is a historical transcript that shows warring parties widening their understanding by resolving misunderstandings about each other through dialogue.

Anyway, it's clear that it's a high level of brain game where you have to extrapolate your opponent's defeat, and it's also true that it's now recognized as a mental health tool to prevent dementia, more than a mere play.

Facebook, the world's largest social networking site, has been hacked by the network, putting about 50 million people's personal information at the risk of being exposed.

The injury seemed to be holding back again this year, but he added four wins in the second half alone, after returning from the injury, and made a perfect finale.

In fact, Ryu Hyun-jin appeared in six games in the first half of this season, and was highly expected by his outstanding performance of wining in three games, no loss, and a 2.12 ERA.

There will be heavy fog in the central inland until morning, and fog in the southern inland, so be extra careful about traffic safety.

If the two teams are tied until Oct. 1, when the final match of the regular season will take place, the team will decide the victory of the Earth through a tie-breaker game, that is a single-rounded match.

Families are busy checking whether they are alive or not, with bodies left unattended on the streets and hurriedly recovered in the front yard of the hospital.

Kim Ye-rim of this year's event scored 4.45 higher than her previous score of 119.89, which she recorded in the third competition of the junior Grand Prix earlier this month.

With the disappointing result, team officials reportedly had an open debate on Mourinho's future on the train returning to Manchester after the game.

South Korean national football team coach Paulo Bento is scheduled to announce the list for the warm-up match against Uruguay on 12th, and Panama on 16th, at the football center on 1st.

According to the media, a 250-meter crack in the runway caused by the earthquake shook the control tower, and damaged parts of the building.

Shortly after the plane took off, Agung jumped outside through a window on the fourth floor, but suffered from serious injuries on his legs and chest.

Singapore's Changi Airport and Hong Kong's Chek Lap Kok Airport are operating with the facial recognition technology applied to identification procedures such as entering departure gates and immigration inspections.
When the news of another event was made public this year, the Jeju Island Church Council for Christian and the Presbyterian Church of Korea Jeju Labor Association organized the 'First Jeju Life Love Festival' to spread the life culture.

After the event, participants announced the importance of life and family by walking 2km way back to the city hall across the Sinsan Park with the slogan 'Don't Package Homosexuality in Discrimination and Human Rights.'

On the same day, Jeju Student Human Rights Ordinance TF, Trans Liberation Frontline, Justice Party, and Green Party set up 37 booths at the Sinsan Park to sell goods, and raise contributions.

First of all, the gaming and sports sectors, where high-capacity high-speed communication are suitable, and maniac fans exist, are mentioned as promising areas for 5G.

After introducing the wireless VR game 'Special Force' earlier this year, it recently has cooperated with the U.S. game developer Locovan Studio to develop a VR version of the popular video game 'Metal Slug'.

At this year's VR festival, VR and AR-based automotive maintenance practices, military training systems, and contents for training in artificial hip surgery were unveiled.

Early access is a way to pre-service a game under development to limited users, receive feedback, and find improvements.

In addition, Bluehole will unveil "Air," an online game with a unique concept of flying around in an airship and staging an air war as early as next year.

NCsoft plans to conduct a closed-door test of its new PC game 'Project TL,' which uses IP(Intellectual Property) 'Lineage,' by the end of this year.

Despite such changes in the game market, game companies are developing PC games because PC games have a long life span once they succeed.

NCsoft's Lineage M has maintained its number one position in sales for more than a year and two months since its launch, which is considered unprecedented in the history of mobile games.

Woods faced John Lam of Spain at the 42nd Ryder Cup single match play competition held at Le Golf Nacional Albatross course in Ild France, southwest of Paris, on 30th(Korea time), but lost by two holes.

Earlier, Woods had terribly hurt his pride as losing in all the games, that are the two four-ball games on the first and the second day and in the foursome games on the third day of the tournament.

In a game against the Washington Nationals in the U.S. Major League 2018 at the Coors Field in Denver, Colorado, U.S. on 1st(Korea Time), Oh Seung-hwan pitched 1⁄3 innings without allowing any runs.

A day before the 48th Intergovernmental Panel on the Climate Change(IPCC) general meeting, Greenpeace activists conducted a performance to project a beam projection and leave a message on the Namsan Mountain in Yongsan-gu, Seoul, in the afternoon on 30th.

Mourinho says Fogba is not a player who can represent the team as a vice president, and no one can be the greater player than the team.

With all the rumors of his replacement swaying his minds, he is in a desperate situation where he has to take control of the squad as soon as possible, and achieve good performances immediately.

At least 30 to 40 people are also expected to be buried at the site of the collapse of an eight-story hotel in Palu, the capital of Sulawesi, but rescue efforts have not been carried out due to a lack of equipment.

Yeonsu Kim Eye Clinic(CEO Kim Hak-chul) delivered 5 million won in donations following the previous year for the Incheon Special Olympics Korea '2018 Together We Walk Walking Competition' in which disabled and non-disabled people walk together, and break down walls of prejudice.

The event, which took place at the central park in the international city of Songdo, drew some 4,000 people, including disabled, non-disabled and, volunteers, walking a 3.6-kilometer course along the walkway around the lake.

In addition to the donation ceremony, Yeonsu Kim Eye Clinic, including Kim Hak-cheol, its president, and other executives and employees,  participated in the walkathon, and spent a meaningful time walking along the course of the walkathon with the disabled, and operation of the event booths.

With attention focused on whether to select new players playing in Europe, including Ji Dong-won's replacement striker who was injured in his team, and new players playing in Europe such as Baek Seung-ho and Lee Kang-in, it is worth paying attention to whether it will make changes to the central defender.

When there is not enough time, Bento's sudden change in the center defender can be a burden.

Before the All-Star, he had a batting average of 0.293 with 18 home runs, a 0.405 on-base percentage and an OPS of 0.911 but has dropped to 0.215 with three homers, a 0.329 on-base percentage and an OPS 0.645 since All-Star.

He had 18 home runs in the first half alone, which is likely to break his personal record(22 home runs), but added just three more in 55 games in the second half, ending up with 21 home runs.

Even though KBO President Chung Un-chan himself mentioned the introduction of salary caps and luxury taxes that limit the club's total annual salary, the players' association has collapsed.

Sanchez, the team's highest-paid player, watched the team's defeat with his head down quietly on the bench.

The weekly event for lifelong learning in Suseong-gu will be held from June 6 to 11 at the Sanghwa Hill of Suseongmot lake and the Lifelong Learning Center in Suseong-gu, and the Happy Humanities Academy where Yang Jae-jin is invited will be held at the Seogu Cultural Center on 10th, and a special lecture on the healing of poet Chung Ho-seung at the Dalseo-gu Office on 11th.

A dragonfly sits on a yellow-cooked rice at a field near Daegu Hospital of the Korea Workers' Compensation and Welfare Service in Hakjeong-dong, northern Daegu, in the morning on 1st, showing clear autumn weather.

With only a few games left before the Asian Cup, the sudden change in play seems to have been a burden.

Ryu So-yeon had five birdies without a bogey in the final fourth round of the "Japanese Women's Open" at the Japan LPGA Tour's Chiba Country Club (Pada 72, 6,677 yards) in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, on Thursday, for a 5-under 67.

Ryu So-yeon also enjoyed the joy of winning the three-nation national title following the 2013 Chinese Women's Open and the 2015 U.S. Women's Open.

Ryu So-yeon briefly picked her breath by getting on the second place by 2 shots close to the leader by recording even pars(one birdie and one bogey) in the second round, but she became a joint leader again by cutting three shots a day after.

Ryu So-yeon will compete with Park Sung-hyun, Jeon In-ji and Kim In-kyung as the Korean national team at the golf national competition UL International Crown at Jack Nicklaus Golf Club in Songdo, Incheon, on 4th.

Celebrating the 70th anniversary of Jeju April 3 Independence Movement, an academic conference will be held at the Jeju KAL Hotel from 4th to 6th to take a view of the truth and justice at the international level.

The first session of the Responsibility of the United States for the Massacre of the Cold War will focus on the massacre in Bali, Indonesia in the 1960s, the civil war in Greece in the late 1940s, and the U.S. involvement and role in the development of the Jeju April 3 Independence Movement in the same period.

In the third session of Truth, Justice and Solidarity, Yook Chang, head of Cambodia's Sleucrit Institute, who is also an awardee of the Magsaysay Award, will give a lecture on Reflection of Cambodian Genoside: Strategic Plan in a Global Context.

Facebook faced its biggest crisis since its inception in the wake of an incident in which British data analysis company Cambridge Analytica(CA) stole information from 87 million Facebook users.

The bullish stock market caused the average daily turnover of the stock market to shrink from near 15 trillion won to around 8 trillion won in the July-August period, but showed a recovery in three months.

The DIO is a cosmetics export company established in August 2009, and is responsible for the overseas distribution of about 50 Korean cosmetics brands.

Until the previous day, they played 162 games of the season, and until the end, the two teams in each district had the same winning percentage, which is the final single-round match, a Tiebreaker.

Travel artists, architects and garden experts will take the tour as tour guides, and introduce the interesting architectural culture of Seoul, including the Time in the South Village, the Seochon Fair Travel, the Architecture Award Winner Tour and the Changdeokgung Palace Garden Walk.

Sejong City will supply 110 tons of preventive medicine, including raw lime, to support self-quarantines for each livestock farmer, and conduct disinfections in vulnerable areas and inspect and predict of live stock farms through wide-area control devices and vehicles.

In this year's tournament, Molinari teamed up with Tommy Fleetwood to beat Woods-Patrick Reedjo in the two consecutive days of four-ball (two players each playing with a ball to adopt the better score) on 28th and 29th, showing his true skills as a Woods killer.

In order to prevent traffic accidents caused by drowsy driving of large cars for the first time this year, the city has implemented a project to support the cost of installing emergency automatic braking system (AEBS), a high-tech safety device, and a car departure warning system when purchasing new wide-area buses.

In order to establish a taxi transportation order, the city plans to implement guidelines and crackdowns on illegal acts that violate the Passenger Automobile Transport Business Act, and strengthen administrative measures accordingly.

In the second half of this year, the city plans to set up a joint military, district and police task force to conduct a special crackdown, and also conduct a thorough inspection of personal and corporate taxi vehicles, including cleanliness, safety conditions and vehicle maintenance.

South Jeolla Province said on 2nd that its cumulative exports for this year rose 18.7 percent from the same period last year to 24.4 billion dollars, with exports to South Jeolla Province maintaining an upward trend of 3 billion dollars for the month of August.

Analysts say the increase is attributable to the rise in unit export prices of petroleum products, South Jeolla Province's main export product, due to the recovery of the global economy and rising oil prices.

Among them, efforts to stabilize the export system through diversification of exports in South Jeolla Province have been seen to have paid off as the proportion of exports to Vietnam has increased significantly.

Fire extinguishers are placed close to the driver's side to help disabled people who are not physically able to control the fire in the early stages so that they can be used urgently in case of fire.

South Korea will host have two Asian qualifying matches in Lebanon on 29th next month, and in Jordan on December 2.

The women's U-18 team belongs to the tournament's Division A, and will compete with seven other countries, including China, Japan, Taiwan, Australia, New Zealand, Indonesia and Malaysia.

The students were found to have immediately locked themselves out of the building after the alarm went off after the valve opened.

According to Jeonju Deokjin Police Station in North Jeolla Province, A(56) was hit by a one-ton truck when he was cycling across a crosswalk on a road in Deokjin-dong, Jeonju, at around 6:05 a.m. on 1st.

Participants will be exposed to Gwangju's past and present through a short performance by two performers accompanying them at various venues in the city.

The bicycle tour was first introduced at the 2015 Summer Universiad, and recently Gwangju Biennale introduced a product that combines Gwangju Foley with the tourist bicycle brand Hooni Oppa.

The childcare center, which will be built with three floors above ground and a floor space of 1,509 square meters, will have a 300-seat Grand Auditorium and a toy and picture book library.

Double-income couples who had no place to leave their children due to their works will be able to use the childcare center at any time.

When asked about items used by respondents whose consumer spending has increased, most of they were found to have spent on foods, medical expenses and debt payments.

In terms of work and attitude toward the company, there were many positive answers such as 'I've become friendlier to customers or citizens'(63.6 percent), I've become more affectionate toward the company'(56.2 percent), and 'I've become more able to work harder(67.5 percent).

A senior-level employee of Korea Investment & Securities, who designed the Yangmaedo ETN, which is profitable even when the stock market fluctuates, received 2.2 billion won as performance-based payment in the first half of this year, making headlines.

For example, at least 10 items are required for ETFs while only 5 items are required for ETN.

It is pointed out that if the stock market bounces to one side, it could lose money, which should not be overlooked.

Expectations are high that the team will be able to restart its A-match scoring in this month's warm-up match, as it is showing a superb sense of goal at the Asian Games and J-League1.

It was the only time when he started against Jamaica on October 13, 2015, when he scored his team's third goal.

Steam is a game distribution platform created by the game developing company Valve, and currently has the largest influence in the global game market.

With the Boston Red Sox in the AL East, which had the most wins(108 wins) in the season, three teams including the Houston Astros(103 wins) in the Western District and the New York Yankees(100 wins) in the Eastern District have recorded more than 100 wins.

On top of that, Closer Roberto Osuna, who was traded during the season, has pitched in 12 saves since the transfer, showing a perfect performance without any Blon save.

In addition, Max Munsey(0.263 35 homers), who became a surprise star this season, and Justin Turner(0.312 14 homers), who has been the center of batting average for the past five years, are also expected to perform.

The Milwaukee Brewers, the winner of the Central Division, and the Atlanta Braves, the winner of the Eastern Division, have some ups and downs, but they have a lot of potential.

Atlanta is counting on Freddie Freeman(0.309 23 homers) and Ronald Aquuna(0.293 26 home runs), the monster rookie.

In the statement, 13 vocational high schools including Gwangju Natural Science High School, Gwangju High School, Gwangju High School, Gwangju High School, Gwangju Auto & Technology, Gwangju Softwares High School, Geumpa High School, Dongil Future Science High School, Gwangju Girls' Commercial High School, Songwon Girls' Commercial High School and Seojin High School participated.

It seemed to be speeding up after receiving Hyundai Motor's letter of intent for investment in June, but according to recent media reports, it is believed that the negotiations between the relevant members have not been smooth, and are facing difficulties.

When we see our children leaving their homes and families with their big bags on their backs, we feel heartbreaking pain as educators in practice and adults in the region.

I don't want to see any more of my adult children leaving our area because they don't have jobs now.

With Hyundai Motor's finished car plant in place, if the local industry were to be revitalized, vocational education in our region could also be abundant together.

We adults are thinking about programs to help kids acquire the things they need when they go out in the industry, and hope they can learn hard at schools to unlock the knowledge and skills they've learned in the industry.

If we empathize with the pain of our children, we hope to solve the situation through conversations rather than making extreme choices as a responsible older generation.

Hopefully, the day will come soon when Hyundai Motor's finished car plant will succeed and the local economy will be revitalized so that our children can settle down, and live together with the families in the beloved hometown.

Cheol-gu, who started on Africa TV and also works on YouTube, is a popular one-man broadcasting producer with 1.12 million YouTube subscribers as of the 3rd.

With the disappointing Benzema performance, the team also failed to score a single run in the past three matches.

Borha Malloral, who had often appeared under Zinedine Zidane's rotation policy last season, left for Levante, citing his playing time.

Shares of Dong Sung Bio Pharm had risen sharply after an Internet media outlet reported on July 20 that Dong Sung Bio Pharm had contributed the results of its clinical research on cancer treatment to prestigious academic journals abroad.

The number of travelers on Hana Tour and Modu Tour fell 9.6 percent and 2.8 percent compared to last month, respectively, as the typhoons Jebi and Jami hit Osaka, Japan.

The 119 rescue team, who were dispatched after receiving a report, dispatched about 20 people, including rescue workers, to the scene of the accident to search for the missing.

Asan lost to Jeonnam Dragons at the 2018 KEB Hana Bank FA Cup on 3rd after a penalty shootout(2-4) after the 1-1 overtime.

Ace Lee Myung-joo's second kick hit the post, and South Jeolla goalkeeper Park Dae-han blocked the shot by fourth kicker Kim Dong-jin.

Given that some media already mentioning the real name of the person in question, trying to cover it up would not work out.

Wonwoo Master(Chairman Kim Ki-hyeon and Chief of Planning at Hanyang Hospital in Jeonju), a group of administrative officials in North Jeolla Province, has been engaged in activities for seven years to communicate with patients and serve local people.

They have concentrated their efforts on the development of win-win exchanges between hospitals and the rehabilitation of medical, educational, vocational and social rehabilitation among regions based on four criteria: respect and harmony, sharing and service.

It also invited students from Wansan High School in Jeonju, Wido Middle School in Buan and Gimhae Girls' High School in South Gyeongsang Province more than 20 times to provide them with opportunities to experience workplaces and jobs.

Citizens holding colorful balloons make free speech at the opening ceremony of the 2018 Art Week held at the National Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art, Jongno-gu, Seoul, on 2nd.

Earlier in the day, traffic between the Daehwa-Gupa section of Subway Line No. 3 in the Seoul metropolitan area was suspended for more than three hours, causing confusions on the way to work.

Supporters of the separation of Catalonia, Spain, hold their ballot boxes in Barcelona's streets on 1st(local time) to mark the first anniversary of the referendum.

Starting with the UL International Crown, a national women's golf competition, a series of international competitions involving domestic and foreign golf stars are scheduled in Korea.

South Korea, considered the world's No. 1 in women's golf, will secure its first title at the event on its home turf, cementing its position as the most powerful country in name and substance.

This year's competition will be divided into Group A(Korea, England, Australia, Taiwan) and Group B(U.S., Japan, Thailand and Sweden) with 32 participants, four from each country.

In addition to Park Sung-hyun(ranked 1st in the world), Korea has formed a team with Ryu So-yeon(ranked 3rd), Kim In-kyung(10th), and Jeon In-ji(27th), who will participate in the event for the first time.

After the group stage, five countries, including one that won a wild card decision between the top two countries in each group and the third place in each group, will play a single match on 7th to determine the final winner.

The competition, which will be held at Sky 72 in Incheon, features prominent talents, including players participating in the UL International and winners of major tournaments and tours of the season.

It is also interesting to see if last year's winner Ko Jin-young, ranked 13th, will be able to keep the gap in the LPGA Rookie of the Year race through the tournament.

Justin Thomas(4th), who won his first tournament last year, will participate in the Ryder Cup against Europe and the United States, which ended last week.

Oh pitched in the bottom of the 10th inning of the NL wild card game against the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field, with 12 1/3 scoreless innings.

The Kia Tigers could have had to collect as many as eight wins and one loss in nine games, as Samsung has an overwhelming lead in all of its opponents this season with ten wins and six losses.

The awardees are taking a photo with the nationwide ceremony for 100 pairs of filial piety families taking place at an outdoor special stage at the North Jeolla Provincial Office in Hyoja-dong, Wansan-gu, North Jeolla Province on 3rd.

From the cutely decorated room concept to the cooking studio, various types of party rooms are loved.

Using this trend well, the SpaceCloud team has formed a partnership with social company Beuswedding to collaborate with space operators to allow idle time to be spent at the wedding halls, the filming locations or the banquet.

1,500 spaces were registered as practice rooms or joint suites in the Space Cloud, and as many as 33 practice rooms simultaneously began to appear.

On average, the practice room can be used cheaply at around 3,000~4,000 won per hour, but for young people in the creators industry including practical music and audition preparation, it has a competitive edge in profitability and space management as it is frequently used.

The Washington Post said on 30th that the Lincoln Temple United Church, which was the largest black church in Washington D.C., decided to close the church after having its last service.

Smith had earlier been on the verge of financial sanctions from the NBA due to tattoos of the skateboard and clothing brand Supreme on his right leg.

Smith argued for a while that he liked the Supreme brand, and had tattoos only for aesthetic purposes, but was not a commercial relationship with the brand.

Lee Jin-hyeon, who started the game, took over a cross from his fellow player Kim Seung-dae at the 21st minute of the second half, when the two teams were tied 1-1 to score, and got the winning goal by a volley shoot.

At the ceremony, the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics enjoyed the honor of winning the award as the Olympic venue for the first time in six years since the 2012 London Olympics.

Chairman Lee was unable to attend the award ceremony due to his attendance at the International Olympic Committee's general assembly in Buenos Aires, Argentina, but expressed his feelings in a video message.

The operator put the brakes on the review just before the committee's review, which was scheduled to be held before the 5th, apparently because it was highly likely to be rejected.

They cite 'damaging the land of forests and rare birds in national parks,' 'safety issues such as clashes with birds' and 'the results of an unreliable economic analysis' as reasons for opposition.

Clayton Kershaw, who has long been the ace pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers, has accepted Ryu Hyun-jin's starting role in the first game of the MLB National League Division Series.

The government has decided to pick all the perennial pears that have yet to be harvested by 5th, and the apple, which is in the harvest season at the end of October, will be used in holding facilities such as a pedestal to prevent the breakage of the leaves and branches as much as possible.

Market research company Mintel selected Sound, Food Sense, and Satisfaction as new trends in 2018, through the Eat With Your Eyes, Global Food and Beverage Trends.

Under the agreement, the Hana Financial Sharing Foundation and the Korea Social Welfare Council will support the opening and maintenance of vehicles and residential facilities so that disabled people living in residential facilities can use the necessary services in a timely manner, and live their daily lives in a pleasant environment.

The council, which discussed ways to jointly respond to pending issues, decided to propose to the Ministry of Education for the government to expand financial supports for improvement of the government's college lecturer system.

Regarding the reform of the college entrance system in 2022, the government decided to reject the opinion that universities need to expand their autonomy in recruiting students, considering the diversity of selection methods by universities.

The survey was also conducted on 62 underground water sites near the soil sampling site, but no DDT was detected in the groundwater.

Standard & Poor's, one of the world's top three credit rating agencies, said on 2nd that it will maintain Korea's sovereign credit rating at the current level(AA).

On May 8, when Mayor Eun was a candidate, he held a meeting with residents about the extension of subway line 8.

The application for allowance can be received by visitors at the community center in the involved Dong, under the jurisdiction of the address, and if selected, an allowance of 20,000 won per month will be received from a month after the application.

The ruling and opposition parties adopted Kwon Hee-baek, CEO of Hanwha Investment & Securities Co., Kim Young-dae, CEO of Nice Credit Evaluation Co. and Kim Tae-woo, CEO of KTB Asset Management Co., as witnesses to the parliamentary audit of the Financial Supervisory Commission on 12th.

Diplomat A sexually harassed Employee B by hugging her and placing the victim on his laps after drinking wine with the victim at his home.

Since a high-ranking ambassador-level official committed sexual crimes against his subordinates in 2015, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has come up with special preventive measures, such as imposing a heavy punishment on them despite having just a single sexual offense, but the sex scandal has continued ever since.

The flowers and grasses in the autumn fields, such as gilt, reeds, and orchids, are shaken as much as they want, leaving their bodies to their friends, autumn sky and wind.

In fact, a strong wind was blowing in the Palu area, which is located inside the narrow canyon, which is 5 kilometers wide and 18 kilometers long.

This is because the correlation is clear considering the impact of bank interest rates on investor sentiment in the market and the priority that local real estate has in the investment market.

In terms of the usual benchmark rate increase, it is interpreted that the economic recovery trend is visualized, but many analyze that the current economic growth outlook and sentiment are slowing steadily.

South Jeolla Province and Yeosu City announced on 2nd(local time) that they signed an investment agreement worth 126 billion won with the Air Liquid at its headquarter in Paris.

Under the agreement, the Air Liquid will build its fourth plant, which produces industrial gas such as hydrogen and carbon monoxide, to be used as raw materials for polyurethane by 2020 on 15,238 square meters of land at the Yeosu National Industrial Complex.

The products produced with 720 million liters of hydrogen per day and 240 million liters of carbon monoxide production facility will be supplied to the Korea Bask, based in the Yeosu Industrial Complex, and the Kumho Mitsu Chemical, the Hanwha Chemical and the LG Chem through a 40-kilometer self-owned pipeline.

As polyurethane, produced by these chemical companies, is being used in all areas necessary for daily life, such as insulation, building panels, synthetic leather, synthetic rubber and automobile tires, demands are expected to increase in the future.

In the future, South Jeolla Province will maintain cooperative relations with the Air Liquid on ways to break down electricity generated in the renewable energy sector, and make and store hydrogen, as well as to utilize hydrogen-powered vehicles for medium and large-sized transportation such as trains, ships and trucks.

Oh Seung-hwan turned to the Toronto Blue Jays after Texas, which signed just before this season, nullified the deal, citing elbow inflammation.

After being trusted by the manager, he hit eight home runs in 49 games, proving himself a competitive player in MLB.

In March last year, he was sentenced to eight months in prison with a two-year stay of execution in the first trial, and was denied a U.S. visa, failing to play a single game in the 2017 season.

This strategy is also seen as a strategy to widen the gap in technology against China, which is making large investments while calling for rolling out semiconductors.

The opening of the floodgates is aimed at securing empirical data that is the basis for the processing of beams, which is the final step in the verification process.

In a way, some players' bad manners and acts of violence that went beyond the bounds have raised fans' eyebrows, although they can come out of a fierce competition to determine the Asia's best.

When Prime Minister Theresa May was on the podium for her closing speech, the Swedish group ABBA's hit song Dancing Queen was played.

As opposition to the Soft Brexit proposed by May has grown this year, the controversy over the resignation of Vice Minister Chang and the raising of a nonconfidence motion called by the prime minister has escalated.

The sound of the engine was all about air conditioning, motor running, tires hitting road surfaces.

According to the manufacturer, if a person drives at regular speed with 49 people, he or she can easily move 200 kilometers.

Since electric buses were introduced later than other local governments, the city plans to quickly switch to eco-friendly buses by operating hydrogen buses next year.

Goesan-gun, North Chungcheong Province, announced on 5th that the Bunji Village in Yeonpoong-myeon, Hooyeong 1-ri Village in Cheongcheon-myeon and Jwasol Village in Cheongcheon-myeon have been selected as the second stage of happiness villages in 2018 at the North Chungcheong Happiness Village Competition.

The Ulsan Metropolitan City announced on 5th that it will postpone various cultural and sports events in Ulsan, including Cheoyong Cultural Festival, in accordance with the 25th typhoon KONG-REY moving northward.

The city changed the Cheoyong Cultural Festival, which was scheduled to be held at the local garden of the Taehwa River from 5th to 7th, to hold at Dal-dong Culture Park from November 3 to 4.

Ulsan City's Ulju County said it postponed the 8th Wuxi Mountain Country Festival, which was scheduled to be held on 5th, to July 20 to 21, and that the Ongigama Experience will be postponed indefinitely.

The Jeju Meteorological Administration issued a heavy rain warning for all areas of Jeju Island as of 9 a.m. on 5th and a typhoon warning for a distant sea in south of Jeju Island as of 3 a.m.

The precipitation as of 9 a.m. was 47.4 millimeters in Jeju, 66.5 mm in Sancheondan, 26.4 mm in Seogwipo, 37.5 mm in Typhoon Center, 31.1 mm in Seongsan, 61.0 mm in Songdang, 72.0 mm in Seongpanak, 57.0 mm in Mountain Halla, and 60.0 mm in Samgakbong.

There is a possibility of a storm year between the night of the day when the typhoon approaches, requiring special attention for coastal safety accidents and flood damages.

Concerns have been raised that the semiconductor supercycle ended in the second half of this year with overseas securities firms as the center, but Samsung Electronics, which has technologies ahead of its rivals', has not been affected much.

Samsung Electronics, which introduced 10-nano process for memory chips for the first time in the industry, is also stepping up efforts to apply the 10-nano process to its flagship line-up.

As dual and triple cameras are becoming more common, demands for image sensors have increased, and foundry businesses are also showing positive effects on their performances.

This is because, although there are predictions that semiconductor supercycle will be finished starting from this year with foreign stock markets focusing on this, Samsung Electronics has rejected it.

In the past, for example, because RAM was the main source of demand for PCs and product specifications were standardized, price fluctuations were severe depending on supply and demand situations.

The drop in DRAM and NAND flash prices, which are based on securities firms, are Spot Prices, that are traded in kind in the market, while companies such as Samsung Electronics supply more than 90 percent of them as Contact Prices through prior contracts with customers.

The concert is a traditional Jeju cultural performance, and is expected to be a valuable time to get a glimpse of the lives of the former Jeju people through the four seasons.

Jihaksa(CEO Kwon Joon-gu) made an announcement on the 6th that it has published the Poongsanja Test Book that increases convenience and efficiency of learning by collecting all the test papers needed for middle school math grades in one volume.

In addition, reflecting the high preference for meat, the company decided to sell noodles for lunch and meat for dinner.

The lunch menu will sell Wanggalbi jjambbong, Kimchi woodong and Bibimguksu, while all menus will have charcoal-grilled marinated ribs as a set, which will be composed of generous hanbok costumes.

In addition, the restaurant adds various vegetables and seafoods such as clams, mussels, yellow crabs, and geese to make a deep taste, and does not miss the unique taste of fire.

The city of Gimje, North Jeolla Province, appointed four local cultural artists, including Singers Hyun-sook, Kim Sook-young, Lim Hyun-jung and Performer Yoo Se-mi, as goodwill ambassadors on 5th.

Promotional ambassadors will promote the Gimje city through various festivals and special agricultural product sales events for two years from the day the 20th Gimje Horizon Festival opened to October 2020.

More than 100 people attended the test-drive ceremony, including Jeonju Mayor Kim Seung-soo, North Jeolla Province and Jeonju City, the governor of the Korea Tourism Organization, the North Jeolla Cultural Tourism Foundation, Chonju National University's industrial and academic cooperation group, KORAIL, North Jeolla Province Culture and Tourism Briefing Society and Jeonju City Tours.

The city explained that, with a one-day ticket to Jeonbuk Tour Pass, which is dedicated to the theme tour, you can take a ride on the metropolitan city tour bus to see famous tourist attractions in four regions: Hanok Village(Gyeonggijeon), Museum of Modern History, Naesa Temple, Gappo Chaeseok River, Seonun Temple, and Gochangupseong.

The city has been conducting a trial run since last month for a wide-area city tour bus service that will depart for Jeonju, and installed a signboard near the first Majoong road(Korea Limousine Bus Exit), the Omokdae platform in Jeonju Hanok Village, and the Deokjin Park Tourist Information Center.

Six people, including distributors who illegally received billions of won in subsidies for fisheries environment improvement projects and supervisors who illegally paid subsidies while neglecting their supervisory duties, were arrested by the Maritime Police.

A preliminary typhoon warning went into effect at night on 5th for off the coast of northern Jeju, where Jeju Airport is located, as the typhoon Kong-rey moves northward.

Windshields require cautions when taking off and landing with winds that are created when strong winds hit the terrain, and mixed into one.

Suncheon City is expecting that Kakao Talk will increase convenience for citizens, and help secure local tax revenues by implementing Kakao Talk's local tax payment service in line with the fact that the use of smartphones has become more common.

This year's annual salary is 7.83 million U.S. dollars(about 8.8 billion won), which is expected to more than double if the FA contract is signed after this season.

For this reason, it is speculated that Kim will visit Russia after negotiating with Minister Pompeii on 7th, and hold further discussions with Russian President Putin on the outcome of the U.S.-North Korea negotiations.

The project involved a total of 10,581 Samsung Fire RCs as of September this year, with a cumulative total of 5.91 billion won, improving disability permits and facilities in 282 locations across the country.

In the Gift of Hope of 500 Won, the company raised the floor of the bathroom to remove short-chairs, and replaced it with non-slip tiles to make the bathroom easier to use.

In the future, the government plans to expand the opening of beams, and increase monitoring points from 207 to 221 to secure empirical data to support this possibility.

Hyundai Motor Group said on 4th that it will provide 500,000 U.S. dollars, including vehicles, to Indonesia, which was hit hard by the strong earthquake and tsunami.

Hyundai and Kia have been actively involved in supporting donations, daily necessities and local relief efforts in large-scale disasters abroad, including the 2008 earthquake in China's Sichuan Province, the 2011 U.S. tornado, the 2013 typhoon damage in the Philippines and this year's floods in Laos.

The 2018 UL International Crown, the world's only women's golf tournament, kicked off at the Jack Nicklaus Golf Club(par 72, 6,508 yards) in Songdo, Incheon, on 4th.

World No. 1 Park Sung-hyun, Ryu So-yeon(3rd), Kim In-kyung(10th), and Jeon In-ji(27th) participated in the event, and South Korea, which was the top seed, won two matches against Taiwan on the first day to secure four points, and take the lead in Group A.

According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the man was found dead later in the day in the wreckage of the Roaroa Hotel, which was his residence, after a search by the Indonesian authorities.

In Jeju City, 61 cases of flooding were reported(housing 23, roads 31, farmland 3 and 4), but drainage is now complete.

The mother, who took a step to Indonesia hoping her only son would be safe, was on her way home with her remains tightly wrapped in her chest.

If Lee Dae-ho adds four more home runs in nine games left by Lotte, he will become the second player to hit 40 homers since his debut.

You must be wise in good, not good in evil, take a look at the heart with words, and live with arrows of truth in the arrowbox for words.

More than 20 countries around the world, including the U.K. and Australia, are reaching out for help, but they are facing difficulties in rescuing damaged areas due to infrastructure destruction such as roads and telephone lines.

Through this, Shim was able to undergo surgery to remove tumors and face surgery, and her recovery was also made public last year.

It is said that rules of the Article 1 The Purpose is to ensure that the selection of national team members can be made through fair and objective procedures.

For major events such as the Olympics and the Asian Games, the rules themselves become meaningless if professional athletes are excluded from the participation.

Following the football ministry's victory in the nation's most prestigious college league last month, the basketball ministry was the rare runner-up by a local university in the regular league of a slew of college, basketball and women's basketball teams.

Previously, Gwangju National University had better-than-expected performances in various sports, including its victory in the eight-tier 2018 University Football League, the country's most prestigious soccer league, on 7th.

Upon receiving the report, the Busan Maritime Police dispatched a police officer from the Gwangalli Police Station to the scene, and immediately evacuated the man who was surfing to a safe zone.

A fire department official said on 7th that the 119 rescue teams were dispatched at 11:07 a.m. on 6th after police reported that a monkey was behind a tree near Mount Bomun in Daejon.

Illegal fishing by domestic fishing, as well as Chinese fishing in Seas in South Jeolla Province, has been increasing every year, contributing to the reduction of fishery resources.

Among them, 15,306 were caught in the past three years(2015-2017), 12 times more than the 1,251 illegal fishing by Chinese boats during the same period.

The blaze did not cause any deaths, but one in 40 guests was seriously injured, and 27 people were taken to hospital after inhaling smoke.

Fire authorities believe the fire, which started in the second floor cabin, spread through corridors and stairs, and burned part of the motel, and the authorities are investigating guests and employees for the exact cause of the fire.

The number of targets per city and county is three in Cheonan, two in Boryeong, ten in Asan, three in Seosan, twelve in Nonsan, four in Geumsan, six in Buyeo, four in Seocheon, one in Cheongyang, thirteen in Hongseong, one budget and one in Taean.

In addition, the province will hold an education and business briefing session for young farmers next month, and will support production and distribution facilities for eco-friendly agricultural products, and support the market in conjunction with Lotte Super and Lotte Mart next year.

Earlier, Pastor Choi filed an injunction with the 51st Civil Affairs Division of the Seoul Central District Court against the General Assembly tribunal's ruling, which cited an election nullification suit filed by Pastor Kim Soo-won. He was dismissed.

The General Assembly's tribunal ruled against the election of executives of the Southeastern Seoul Union, which resolved a petition against Pastor Kim Ha-na of the Myungsung Church.

The Yankees beat the Boston Red Sox 6-2 in Game 2 of the 2018 MLB ALDS(pre-game winning streak) held at the Fenway Park in Boston, Massachusetts on 7th(Korea time).

England's Manchester United coach, Muriyue, made the remarks in a telephone interview with Britain's BT Sports after a game against Newcastle United on 7th.

Recently, local reports said Mourinho will be sacked as early as this week, regardless of the result of the game against Newcastle.

The BBC reported the absurdity of Sotheby's auction house a day before the street artist Banksy's Girl with Balloon was sold for 1.04 million pounds, and torn apart.

Isco, Lucas Vazquez and Marco Ascencio are only playing a role in releasing attacks by going back and forth between the second line and the side, but they are not resources to directly score.

While 44 percent of drunk driving accidents that occurred between 2015 and 2017 have been found to be repetitive offends, voices are mounting against the stricter punishment for drunk driving.

According to data received by So Byung-hoon, a member of the Democratic Party of Korea, from the National Police Agency, a total of 63,685 drunk driving accidents have occurred over the past three years, of which 20,8009 or 44 percent were by re-offenders.

Gwangju Mayor Lee Yong-sup visited the exhibition hall for the 2018 Gwangju Biennale, which drew some 140,000 visitors, to mark the month of its opening.

Before attending the exhibition, Lee had a friendly talk with Kim Sun-jung, CEO of the Gwangju Biennale, Lee Ki-pyo, head of the Asian Culture Center, and Park Hyang, head of the Gwangju City Culture and Tourism Stadium.

They watched the North Korean Art: Paradox of Socialism Realism together, and expressed keen interests in North Korea's unique Collectiveization, which is being held at the Six Hall of the Creative Commons.

The 2018 Gwangju Biennale, which features 165 artists from 43 countries and showcases more than 300 different artworks, is acclaimed for its success in presenting a new aesthetic methodology called the Curator 11 Collaboration.

According to the city, the first Taegyo Festival, held at the Poeun Art Hall Plaza in 2015, is held annually at the City Hall Plaza and the playground of the former police force.

A separate public relations center will be established to publicize the importance of prenatal education, and a photo zone for taegyo Shingi, which is composed of six pages of taegyo Shingi cartoons, will be installed.

Perhaps the grasshoppers of this land have been listening to this story to learn the wisdom to lead a rough life, and to cherish even a small chance, despite the poverty that has been brought down the road.

As she exceeded 100 km per hour, she could hardly hear her neighbor's voice, so even a diesel-engine SUV felt a little out of tune with the latest trend of seeking quietness.

In principle, if your wife borrowed the money needed for a couple's life, such as spending money on their children's diet, education, paying taxes or housing rent, the money is legally considered to be used for 'daily household'.

On top of that, he was able to get out of Nurmagomedov's arms only after being pulled a sleepy rear-naked choke on his neck.

PSG, which beat the AS Monaco last season to claim the Ligueang title, will try to win its eighth career title this year with Mbafé at the forefront.

Consumers can enjoy a wide range of different kinds of formula, including instant noodles, fish cakes and fried foods, along with their own unlimited refill tteokbokki.

Self-systems can reduce labor costs, and provide customers with delicious menus even without specialized cooking skills.

The shock is all the more shocking because it was Vidal, who was expected to be used as an instant power to replace Andreas Iniesta and Paulinho, who left for the Asian stage.

It's strange that the situation is now being pushed back by Grocery backup, which had been an undisputed presence in his former teams Juventus and Bayern Munich.

Stone Island is loved by young people around the world who pursue modern look with innovative material development and original design.

The Washington Post also quoted multiple Turkish officials as saying that 15 'murder team' from Saudi Arabia are believed to have come to Istanbul to kill Khashoggi.

Daejeon Mayor Huh Tae-jung(right) and Daejeon Metropolitan Office of Education Superintendent Seol Dong-ho give a joint briefing to reporters on free school meals for kindergarten and high school students and support for school uniform fees, at the Daejeon City Hall in Dusan-dong, western Daejeon, in the afternoon on 8th.

Using Yamato's Hands-Free Travel service can reduce the burden of shopping with luggage, and reduce the hassle of traveling with heavy loads to airports and hotels.

The Hands-Free Travel service is expected to be an essential service that simplifies shopping and browsing of restaurants for Korean tourists, who spend a relatively short period of time traveling between three to four days.

During the Pyongyang Summit from 18th to 20th, the visiting Cheong Wa Dae staffs spoke to the remaining staffs in Seoul on a mobile phone taken from the South, according to Cheong Wa Dae.

For this reason, it is highly likely that calls between working-level South Korean officials during the Pyongyang Meeting were made using 'roaming services' to borrow North Korea's mobile communications network.

The visit included one KT employee, but he was only in charge of connecting the fixed-line communication between the two Koreas but the mobile network.

The computer department in charge of the presidential office reportedly checked security risk factors after the Pyongyang Meeting, and determined that there is a high possibility that information will be leaked through the corresponding numbers in the future.

Some say that Choi's visit to Russia is intended to avoid working-level negotiations with Steve Biegun, the U.S. State Department's special representative for North Korea policy, who accompanied Pompeii on his trip to the North.

The informant added that 15 Saudis, including a Saudi government official, had recently left Turkey after entering the consulate general on 2nd.

Items from fellow comedians and broadcasters will also be donated as well as materials and items that can reveal Song's 60-year career.

Questions are being raised over whether the semiconductor market is really at a high point, and even analysts say that the market will continue to boom.

With six matches remaining this season, South Gyeongsang Province will win all remaining matches, and even if Jeonbuk lose all, their ranking in the first and second places won't change, so Jeonbuk clinched the title.

The Jazz duo Lonely City, or Pianist Choi Han-gul, will hold a concert with jazz standard numbers, ballads and emotional stories, including Chet Baker's Time after Time.

In the future, civil servants who are charged with a fine of 1 million won or more for sex crimes will be dismissed for granted, and those who prepare for civil service exams or who are scheduled to be hired by civil servants for three years are not allowed to be hired by public servants.

The revision of the law is aimed at raising awareness of sex crimes from officialdom in the wake of the Metoo Movement that began earlier this year and applying the principle of zero tolerance to civil servants who committed sex crimes.

First of all, the government expanded the scope of sex crimes, which causes civil servants to be disqualified from employment and forced to retire for granted, from 'interference and abuse by business forces' to 'crimes against all types of sexual violence.'

If there is no proper action, or if it is systematically acquiesced or closed, the Personnel Management Department will be able to publicize the name of the agency and related facts to the public through personnel audits.

Experts warn that emerging economies could get tougher due to the Triple Highs such as the strong dollar, soaring interest rates on U.S. government bonds and the U.S.-China trade war.

The center searched articles reported by 10 major dailies, including the Kookmin Ilbo, for a year from August last year to compile the number of times they used disability-related vocabulary omitted from dictionaries.

More than 24 people have been arrested on charges of involvement since an attempt to kill Maduro using two bomb-tipped drones early this August, and Salazar is one of them.

It is suspected that Maduro's government, which is facing a crisis due to policy failures, deliberately staged an explosion show using drones to divert public attention and instill justification for the status quo.

According to data obtained by Roh Woong-rae, a member of Democracy Party of Korea, who is a member of the National Assembly's Science, Technology, Information, Broadcasting and Communication Committee, KBS decided to suspend Cho Deok-je from broadcasting, citing the Supreme Court's decision to convict her of sexual harassment of an actress.

Breeze, an Izreal specialist, is a player who boasts excellent survival skills as he recorded an average KDA(Kill divided by Death) of 7.0 during the summer season.

On the same day, the two left a commemorative photo in the waiting room for the SunTrust Park player, where Game 4 of the National League Division Series between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Atlanta Braves were held.

Under the theme Smart City as an Innovation Engine for Sustainable Growth, this year, it will build bilateral cooperation among science cities, including international exchanges and future city strategies.

During the event, Huh will meet with key Vietnamese officials, including the prime minister of Vietnam, anemic growth and chief secretary of Tuzhou Moscius, to discuss ways to promote joint exchanges and cooperation between local governments, universities, research institutes and businesses, and to open markets for companies in Daejeon.

Lee Do-yeon won two gold medals at the last Incheon event, and added a gold medal at the road race following the previous day's winning of the road solo gold medal, also winning two consecutive gold medals at the event.

VCNC, a subsidiary of Soka's 100 percent stake, held a press conference at the D-Camp in Seongreung-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul on 8th, and unveiled its ride-sharing platform Tada(photo).

Recently, it was alleged that the Korea-U.S. free trade agreement revision agreement signed by South Korea and the U.S. left the toxic clause intact to avoid the article 232 of the Trade Expansion Act.

Cho Bae-sook's office and a group of lawyers for a democratic society mentioned the Poisonous Clause on the 23.2 article of the Korea-U.S. FTA agreement on 8th.

Currently, Section 2.3 of the FTA Agreement states that it cannot 'increase existing tariffs or adopt new ones,' so either South Korea or the U.S. cannot raise tariffs or adopt new tariff rates without bilateral consultations.

According to the findings, if tariff bombs are lowered on cars, the South Korean government can negotiate with the U.S. based on Section 2.3.

Currently, the Korea-China-EU FTA Agreement states that it has cited or complied with the World Trade Organization's Article 21 security exception.

For example, the probability that the Arctic sea ice will melt away in Summer will occur at least once every 10 years with a 2 degree increase compared to before industrialization, but once every 100 years below a 1.5 degree increase.

Four pitches thrown by the Los Angeles Dodgers to Ronald Aquuna, a Monster Rookie, went up above the strike zone, but the umpire declared a strike.

Atlanta, which suffered a two-game shutout loss in this series, but on this day, the team's star players, Aquania and Freddie Freeman, rallied.

Dodgers rookie Bueller(24), who was dubbed the Second-half Ace with a two-run ERA in the second half of this season, allowed a walk by starting pitcher Sean Newcom in the bottom of the second inning, and then collapsed early on when Aquuna hit a grand slam.

Local media reported that Aquanya, who is 20 years old and 293 days old, became the youngest player to hit the grand slam of the postseason in 1953 by beating Mickey Mantle (21, 349 days old).

Lee met with Ri Sun-kwon, chairman of the Committee for the Peaceful Reunification of the Fatherland, Kim Young-dae, chairman of the Council for National Reconciliation, and Rim Ryong-chol, vice chairman of the Council for National Reconciliation, and proposed a performance in Gwangju using the National Asian Cultural Center.

It also plans to discuss 23 inter-Korean exchange and cooperation projects, including land-ended cooperation projects using geographical conditions and sports exchanges using the National Road No. 1 between Mokpo and Shinuiju.

After lunch, the group stayed until evening with the food and drinks served at the ivory tower before departing for Jeju Airport in time for the flight.

A friend of mine said, "when Jeju has a family catastrophe due to poor living conditions, Gye, a custom that neighbors associate with each other, has developed exceptionally."

"Probably, ramen and drinks, tangerines and steamed buns that came in as a return treat, were provided by the residents' staff," he hinted.

Although it gathered the strengths of sports cars and sedans, its marketing direction clearly focused on 'high performance' by conducting circuit experience events for customers.

The preconceived notion that she would be in a stable middle-class family would raise three children, and live fully happy as a wife and a mother was shattered.

I felt sorry for the sentence said, and wanted to pet her in the thought that, as time went by, the desire for herself was wriggling, but the reality of being devalued as a Momchung.

Kershaw, who had slowed down a bit in the second half of the season, has returned to the Dodgers with eight scoreless innings in the second game of the DS.

Josh Header(12 saves 2.43), Jeremy Jefferies(15 saves 1.29), and Corbin Bernes(7 wins and 2.61) who have emerged as the MLB's best left-handed pitchers this season, are dominating the opposing batters from the middle of the game.

Germany's IFO Business Environment Index, which represents the economic situation in the eurozone, hit 103.7 last month, showing signs of emerging from a short-term decline following a surge in August.

Capital Economics, a British research firm, predicted that China's GDP growth will fall to around 5 percent, based on the fact that overseas demand for Chinese products is shrinking.

Earlier on 9th, the police requested an arrest warrant for the man on charges of heavy misfire, believing that a fire spread from a wind lamp was carried over to a gasoline tank and caused the explosion.

That's why there was criticism when Hwang Ui-jo picked a wild card at the 2018 Asian Games in Palembang, Jakarta.

He was the top scorer at the Asian Games with nine goals, and has also scored in Japan's J-League since returning to his team, Gamba, after becoming the No. 1 contributor to the gold medal.

Sixteen works were released on the webtoon platform Kakao Page, including <She had to go to the duchess>, which is loved by more than 1 million readers, and received great acclaim from more than 200 movie officials from around the world.

Among the 38 LPGA tournaments around the world this year, the event will be followed by the 2018 UL International Crown, an LPGA national competition held at Jack Nicklaus Golf Club in Songdo from 4th to 7th.

Incheon Metropolitan City and KEB Hana Bank had signed a three-year business agreement to hold the event in Incheon from 2016 to help develop the local sports MICE industry and boost the economy in the mid- to long-term.

This year's event will be a fierce competition between the LPGA's top-ranked players and top-class players in Korea.

Kokorin is currently under police investigation for allegedly assaulting Pavel Marmayev, a Krasnodar, and Denis Park, a Russian Ministry official, at a Moscow restaurant on 8th.

Quantumgate(CEO Baek Joo-yong) participated in the Energy Plus 2018 exhibition that opened at COEX on 10th, and introduced a prototype of its new patented vehicle speed warning system(School Zone, Senior Citizens' Protection Zone, and Accident Prevention Zone).

The fishery industry can be highly value-added only when it is developed by both front and rear related industries, such as storage, processing, distribution, exports and research and development, away from simple fishing that it grows and catches.

Part of the exterior wall of the Ulsan Bridge Observatory in Dong-gu, Ulsan, fell in the afternoon on 10th due to the influence of the 25th typhoon Kong-rey.

As the KOSPI has reached its psychological support rate of 1 times the PBR(Present-day Equity Ratio), many predict that further decline will be limited.

Experts say that the reason is that foreigners are not very attracted to emerging markets, including Korea, amid the continued boom in the U.S. economy and the strong dollar.

In the film industry this year, several actresses have also revealed chronic sexual demand from producers and directors, but have failed to bring about social changes.

NH Nonghyup Financial Insurance CEO Oh Byung-kwan(second to the left) visited an apple farm in Yeongju, North Gyeongsang Province, on Tuesday, which suffered crop damage due to Typhoon Kong-rey, NH Nonghyup Financial Insurance said on 8th.

In addition, St.Nine introduced a series of X, a color ball Q Soft, Extreme Soft Black and Extreme Soft Gold, which improved direction and distance.

Choi Kwang-keun, who was reputed to be strong in action, managed to reach the final despite injuries that made his right foot hard to hit the ground.

Unlike the advanced countries, manufacturers and government-affiliated organizations are busy covering up problems, rather than solving them fundamentally, even if defects are found in the body.

The international mission ceremony, which will involve 43 vessels, including 19 foreign vessels, and 24 aircraft, will take place at the Jeju naval base from 10th to 14th, with naval delegations from 46 countries participating.

On top of this, the regulation on height limits(not short of 186 centimeters and up to 200 centimeters) is expected to prompt foreign guards and mobile forwards to enter the league and develop faster basketball than before.

The national soccer team players, who were called up ahead of the friendly match against Uruguay, train at Paju National Training Center(NFC) in Paju, Gyeonggi Province, in the afternoon on 10th.

In the case of terrestrial broadcasters, news media, television coverage, and home shoppingPP, if they are subject to legal sanctions or fines, they will receive a deduction from the broadcasting evaluation carried out annually by the Korea Communications Commission.

At 3 a.m. when ice freezes, the lowest temperature at Jungcheongdae Paseo was observed at minus 3 C, while the temperature felt was minus 9 degree and 3~4m/s.

The survey aims to find out the exact habitat density and status of white-footed crabs, which are endangered second-class wild animals and protected marine life, and to examine their importance scientifically.

The study found white-footed crabs in dense enough to observe as many as 25 animals in small square blocks measuring 1x1 square meters.

This is a survey of objects that are active on the mudflats, so a much larger population is expected given the potential to remain inactive and hidden on the mudflats at the time.

The study focused on the endangered species of white-footed crabs, but the mudflats in the region contain more than 1,000 times the number of lives.

CEO Lee Kyung-do(first from the left) and Kwon Byung-joo(second from the left) of the Korea Sleepers Association and the Korea Sleepers Association(KNU) are taking photos of their business agreement and brand business at Daejeon University College of Industry and Cooperation in Daejeon, Daejeon, on 10th.

Looking at the photos shared by the netizen, all the signposts erected at Lee's hometown home were erased, and the parking lot of the memorial hall was empty.

Lee was sentenced to 15 years in prison and fined 13 billion won after being found guilty of embezzlement of funds from Das worth 35 billion won and bribery worth 11 billion won in the first trial on 5th.

Of the 348,155 tons of waste generated in the country, South Jeolla Province accounted for the largest portion with 23.6 percent, followed by South Gyeongsang Province with 58,297 tons, Jeju with 38,939 tons, and South Chungcheong Province with 37,666 tons, the survey showed.

In order to expand the track capacity of the Gyeongbu Line, which is concentrated in transportation demand, following the Suwon-Cheonan double-track railway project that opened in 2005, the project will push for a double-track railway in the 32.2-kilometer section from Cheonan to Sechang.

The Korea Railroad Corporation will expand train operation efficiency by upgrading facilities such as roadbed, track and signal systems from Seochang on North Chungcheong Line to Cheongju Airport Station, and establish a new Bukcheongju Station between Cheongju Station and Ogeunjang Station.

Currently, it takes 1 hour and 50 minutes from Seoul to Cheongju Airport, but it is expected to be shortened by about 30 minutes when the project is completed, making it possible to arrive in about 1 hour and 20 minutes.

A recent photo post posted on Yang Hyun-suk's Instagram showed comments from netizens believed to be Chinese every few seconds as of 2:30 p.m. on 11th.

A variety of auxiliary facilities including five theme exhibition halls, cultural event halls and restaurants have been built so that exhibitions, tasting, experience and sales can take place in one place.

The Wain Tunnel, which opened on the same day, will hold five busking performances with youth performance planners from North Chungcheong Province, including jazz, hip-hop, ballads and magic, at the Wine Tunnel until 14th, the end of Wine Festival.

The reason why Gyeryongsan's fall this year was earlier than usual is because the temperature during the period was slightly lower, according to analysts.

The first maple is when it is about 20 percent dyed from the top of the mountain, and maple peaks are when 80 percent of the mountain is dyed.

Winning prizes was selected for public institutions and private companies with high social networking skills in various fields, including blogs, Facebook, Kakao, YouTube and Instagram, through the social media influence index(KoSBI) and expert evaluation.

Based on the spirit of Sir Ayeung, the statue is a traditional and meaningful prize for establishing the right educational figure by discovering and awarding a Chamsu monk who silently practices teaching even in difficult educational environments.

Children take part in a writing and drawing contest held at Namsangol Hanok Village in central Seoul on 10th to show off their skills.

In Egypt, the Mubarak dictatorship collapsed and elections brought the anti-Israeli, Arab nationalist Muslim Brotherhood to power.

Saudi Arabia, a monarchy, couldn't allow Egypt, a North African power behind the Arabian Peninsula, to honor itself as the spring of Arab democratization.

The angry Saudis, who sought friendly relations with even hostile Iran, declared a break with Qatar along with other Gulf monarchs.

As Shiite Huthi rebels face government forces, the Saudis are stepping in and supporting Yemeni government forces in a civil war to prevent Shiite strongholds from forming in the Arabian Peninsula.

He entered the consulate, but there was no evidence that he was killed by Saudi agents inside the consulate.

The screening was conducted by experts and Internet users appointed by the organizer with the first quantitative and second qualitative assessments for about two months from July 23 to 14th of last month.

The department is Inter-Korean Exchange and Cooperation of the Gangwon Province, Sokcho-si, associated with donghae bukppuseon connection, military (of men hospitalized or in confinement) border fence to East Sea coast, mountain route, resuming tours to Mt. Kumgang.Infrastructure Development (Cruise Jangjeon, Wonsan, Cheongjin, to peace), recommends a priority project.

The pledges in the local economy sector include the creation of 5,000 jobs by attracting blue-chip companies, supporting investment costs for local companies, expanding parking lots and connecting Chungju Station to Chungcheong Interland Expressway.

The city estimated that a total of 4.19 trillion won will be needed to carry out the seven-term civil election pledge project, including 3.29 trillion won in state funds, 67.4 billion won in dobbies, 476 billion won in disputes and 626.4 billion won in Minja and Pride.

Major programs will include the 2018 Daejeon Volunteer Talent Performance Competition, video message screening with the theme of Volunteering With Citizens, and a nationwide volunteer joint action Hello Daejeon Reaction Performance.

Various experience and information booths will be operated, including a guided tour of the Special Korean Culture Experience Zone and a trip to the village in Seoul, cultural diversity, and Korean cultural experiences and foods.

Korean Experience Special Zone, Cultural Diversity, Outdoor and Special Products, experience and guide booths will be operated, and Hanbok Fashion Show and Generation Compassion 7080 Concert featuring coyote, Park Hyun-bin and Park Nam-jung will be held from 4 p.m.

The African team has survived the early stages by meeting Taiwan's strongman Flash Wolfz, but lost two consecutive games in the middle of the year.

The name Lim Woo-jae was found in Jang Ja-yeon's mobile phone call records in 2008, the year just before Jang Ja-yeon died, and was Lee Boo-jin, president of the number's mobile phone.

The fact-finding team determined that the figure Lim Woo-jae, stored in the late Jang Ja-yeon's mobile phone, was right, former Samsung Electro-Mechanics adviser Lim Woo-jae, according to MBC.

The fact-finding team plans to call in a person in charge of the investigation at the time to investigate why it did not investigate Lim Woo-jae, a former adviser, according to MBC.

The Asan Social Welfare Foundation(Chairman Chung Mong-joon) announced on Wednesday that it has selected the Lee Si-dol Rural Industrial Development Association, which helped ease poverty and promote welfare for residents in Jeju's rural areas, as the winner of the 30th Asan Award.

The association, founded in 1962 by the late Irish priest Patrick McGreenchi, is seeking a welfare model for setting up medical institutions, elderly care centers, daycare centers and youth training facilities with profits earned through the operation of ranches, farms and factories.

The Asan Prize was established in 1989 to encourage individuals or organizations who devoted themselves to or practiced filial piety for their needy neighbors in accordance with the will of Chung Ju-yung, founder of the Asan Foundation.

South Korea's stock market is suffering from a severe Combination Tax, which is coupled with fears of a rise in U.S. interest rates and the spread of a U.S.-China trade war and the sluggish domestic economy.

Corporate profits, which have been the bastion of Korea's economic fundamentals, are being revised downward, and domestic demand is stagnant due to falling corporate investment and sluggish employment.

When Hwang Bo-kwan stepped down after seven matches(1 win, three draws and three losses) in April 2011, he led FC Seoul as an acting coach.

As the volatility of the KOSPI index has grown in the fourth quarter of this year, experts advise people to pay attention to dividend stocks that can enjoy buffer effects from dividends.

When you invest in stocks directly, you can also invest in ETFs or funds based on which items are included in the funds.

Park Sung-hyun(25) who ranks first and second in the world in women's golf, and Ariya Jutanugarn(23) are one step ahead of Park in a showdown for the second consecutive week.

Jutanugarn, who beat Park at the UL International Crown Single Match Play last week, finished the first half at two-under with birdies on the fourth and ninth holes.

According to fire authorities, a fire broke out at the lightning market located in Taepyeong-ro, Jung-gu, Daegu around 2 a.m. on 12th.

The city of Sokcho created Yeongrang Lake Wetland Ecological Park on 44,000 square meters of farmland in the upper reaches of Yeongrang Lake as part of its Ecological Restoration Project for Fish in Damsu Castle, Yeongrang Lake from 2013 to 2015.

Gyeonjeokcho and Cosmos, which are sunny around, are at their peak, and arrow trees planted along the observation route have begun to dye with red foliage.

A comprehensive education company, Eduwil(CEO Jeong Hak-dong), has won a lawsuit against media companies that wrote articles on retaliation following unfair requests for bribes.

In July last year, Choi, the editor-in-chief of a media company, visited the company concerned and made remarks suggesting that he would write various irregular articles if he did not comply with the advertisement sponsorship.

When Eduwil refused to comply, the news agency published a malicious article aimed at slandering him about a month later.

The ruling was officially recognized that the company was damaged by media reports of unfair requests for money and retaliation.

The forum is aimed at coping with climate change and discussing ways to implement the Paris Agreement's greenhouse gas reduction goals using the fourth revolution and future new technologies, and is held from 11th to 12th.

In the meantime, researchers at Kyungpook National University Hospital carefully analyzed the proteins that differ between the two groups through mass spectrometry by collecting urine samples from patients with stable kidney function and kidney transplant patients with acute rejection after kidney transplant.

By conducting a quantitative analysis using immuno-analysis, the two protein substances, Tetraspanin-1 and Hemopexin, were finally confirmed to have the potential for rejection, predicted urine protein biomarkers.

At a time when the level of regulations on excessive immersion in games such as the shutdown system is in full swing, the regulators will gain further momentum if they fail to drive excessive immersion of games into disease.

It seems that the trend of making foreign friends is heating up with the youth of Cheongjang, who are curious about various nationalities and races and desire to get acquainted with them through a unique sense of entertainment.

It is worth noting that now, it is possible to easily grasp the diverse races, cultures and tastes of users of each country and enjoy a global life with foreign friends without hesitation, meet them, and use them for international couples and international marriages.

North Gyeongsang Province, which is focusing its administrative power on the joy of raising children and the spread of a happy culture of starting families, is pushing for a project to create a children's playground in North Gyeongsang Province to return the right to play freely to children as part of this project.

The money will be used to provide relief for Indonesian people suffering from the earthquake and tsunami and to restore affected areas.

The training consists of programs designed to foster professionalism and form a sense of belonging as a team member to rookie players who take their first steps as professional athletes.

While the American League(AL) predicted ace pitchers from each team to start the first round early, the National League(NL) is waging a war of nerves to the last minute by hiding the starting rotation.

In the past 10 years, CS in the two major leagues has been held a total of 20 times, and the chances of winning the first round of the series were 75 percent(15 out of 20) of the teams advancing to the World Series.

Seale is in good condition as he pitched once with a start and redemption in the DS against the New York Yankees and had two runs in 61⁄3.

Twelve members of the Ulleung volunteer center visited a flooded farm in Cheonjeon-ri, Yeongdeok-eup and began to clean up the goods, while 70 government officials and management support from the Ministry of Public Administration and Security removed the soil that had been piled up in an alley in Geumjin-ri.

The typhoon's effects caused massive damage to Yeongdeok, with 383.5 millimeters of heavy rain falling from 4th to 6th, flooding 1,140 homes.

The South Korean national football team, led by head coach Paulo Bento, ended the first half of the FIFA A match against Uruguay 0-0 at Seoul World Cup Stadium on Wednesday.

Earlier, the Soyuz MS-09 spacecraft docked at the ISS had two fine holes with a diameter of 2 millimeters in August, causing air to leak.

Uruguay midfielder Matthias Vesino of Inter Milan slid the ball into the sliding hole in the 28th minute in front of our goal.

Hanyang Robotics, a former company in the Seoul metropolitan area, will invest 15 billion won on 17,000 square meters of land and begin production of its products in earnest next spring with the construction of a factory.

IDQ is considering injecting 30 billion won into the 29,000-square-meter site of the Naepo Advanced Mountain Cluster to set up the plant, and expanding the plant by securing an additional 29,000-square-meter site in the future.

Chungju City, North Chungcheong Province, said on 13th that it will hold a Palm Party at Hoamji, Hoam-dong, North Chungcheong Province, where the return-to-farm residents choose to live their second life.

Examples include support for settlement of moving expenses, repair costs for farm houses and farmland rent, support for facility start-ups, support for agricultural start-ups and loans for housing purchases.

The number of people who have transferred to Chungju from the Seoul metropolitan area has been increasing every year to 1,022 in 2015, 1,234 in 2016 and 2,206 in 2017.

Hwang Ui-jo, who received a pass from Son Heung-min to Nam Tae-hee, caught Koates' foot just inside the penalty aerial and was declared foul.

Two crew members stayed on land for about 15 days after they boarded the ship for about a month, and operated ticket tearoom when they were in their 20s. One unemployed person in his 40s who opened a PC room and closed down because of old machines.

The Jeju tourism boom began when driving self-driving tours, and the sale of used cars represents the expansion of the supply of vehicles and the intensity of the IMF's hard times.

To prevent various physical and mental damage that may occur during the recovery period after discharge, the mother hand care project will bring together specialists in medical, nutrition and welfare to support professional monitoring and management, and reduce re-entry rates through patient-specific community care links.

For example, in Gyeonggi Province, 18 kindergartens, which have been subject to serious irregularities requiring more than administrative disposal or have refused to audit, are currently undergoing trials through investigation requests.

Park Yong-jin of the main opposition Minjoo Party of Korea, a member of the National Assembly's education committee, said on 11th that 17 municipal and provincial education offices across the country conducted an audit of private kindergartens between 2013 and 2017, and that 5,951 irregularities were uncovered at 1,878 private kindergartens.

Five people were injured, both large and small, when a truck driver stepped on the accelerator pedal at a parking lot at a festival site in Jangseong, South Jeolla Province.

Five people were injured in the accident, including Choi(40) with a fractured pelvis, and were taken to a hospital in Gwangju for treatment.

Earlier, Nepalese police and local media said nine people, including Kim, were killed in landslides caused by snowstorms.

Africa defeated Pong Bu Buffalo of Vietnam in the fourth round of the 2018 League of Legend World Championship(Rold Cup) group stage at the BEXCO Auditorium in Busan on 13th.
